I don't think that what Tom did was easy.
I don't think doing that will be easy.
I don't think that doing that will be easy.
There isn't any reason to panic.
I'm happy I'm not the boss.
I'm happy that I'm not the boss.
I believe that's too much.
I believe that that's too much.
I don't know if anyone did that or not.
I don't know if anybody did that or not.
I don't know if Tom did that or not.
I don't know whether anyone did that or not.
I don't know whether anybody did that or not.
I know someone who does that.
I know somebody who does that.
I know that that's not the case.
I know that isn't the case.
I know that's not the case.
I know that that isn't the case.
I hope that that's not the case.
I hope that isn't the case.
I hope that that isn't the case.
I'm certain that that's not the case.
I'm certain that isn't the case.
I'm certain that's not the case.
I'm certain that that isn't the case.
I'm almost certain that that's not the case.
I'm almost certain that isn't the case.
I'm almost certain that's not the case.
I'm almost certain that that isn't the case.
I'm fairly certain that that's not the case.
I'm fairly certain that isn't the case.
I'm fairly certain that's not the case.
I'm fairly certain that that isn't the case.
I'm pretty sure that that's not the case.
I'm pretty sure that isn't the case.
I'm pretty sure that's not the case.
I'm pretty sure that that isn't the case.
I have a long list of things Tom wants me to buy for him.
I have a long list of things that Tom wants me to buy for him.
I know I should eat better.
I know that I should eat better.
I never got to tell Tom I loved him.
I'm sure Tom would like to go.
I'm sure that Tom would like to go.
I'm sure Tom would like to do that.
I'm sure that Tom would like to do that.
I'm sure Tom that would do that if you asked him.
I'm sure Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I'm sure Tom would do that if you asked him.
I'm sure Tom that would do that if you asked him to.
I believe I have seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe that I have seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe I have seen the document you're talking about.
I ended up doing something I wish I hadn't done.
I ended up doing something that I wish I hadn't done.
I'm glad that I was wrong.
I'm glad what Tom said was going to happen didn't happen.
I'm glad that what Tom said was going to happen didn't happen.
I'm very glad I did this.
I'm very glad that I did this.
I'm very glad I did that.
I can assure you I'm not going to do that.
I can assure you that I'm not going to do that.
I can assure you that that's not going to happen.
I can assure you that that isn't going to happen.
I can assure you that's not going to happen.
I can assure you that isn't going to happen.
I do think that there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I do think that there still is a chance that'll happen.
I think that there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I think there's still a chance that that'll happen.
I think there's still a chance that'll happen.
I think that there still is a chance that'll happen.
I think there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I think that there's still a chance that that'll happen.
I think that there's still a chance that'll happen.
I really like the way Tom does that.
I really like the way that Tom does that.
I really like the way Tom plays the piano.
I really like the way that Tom plays the piano.
Tom is ahead of schedule, isn't he?
I might not be able to go to Boston with you next week.
I've never even spoken to Tom about that.
Don't forget to put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Tom wouldn't comment on that issue.
How many people are you expecting to be at the picnic?
Is it true Tom used to be your boyfriend?
You don't have the slightest idea what to do, do you?
Tom is almost thirty now, isn't he?
Do you have any idea what we're supposed to be doing?
Is it true you used to be married to Tom?
This is the only place where I've ever felt at home.
This is the only place that I've ever felt at home.
This is the only place I've ever felt at home.
Tom wouldn't elaborate any further.
Teachers should be very patient with their students.
It took Tom three hours to get to Boston.
I've got to be back home by 2:30 tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is alone in his room, isn't he?
I don't like playing soccer, but I like watching it.
It would be good if you did that for Tom.
How'd you like to go to Boston with us next weekend?
Tom said he was here to stay.
Tom said that he was here to stay.
It's a risk Tom and I are prepared to take.
It's possible we won't be able to do that.
It's possible that we won't be able to do that.
Tom wouldn't give any more details.
Three police officers were injured in the shootout.
Tom and Mary do a lot of things together.
This year, I'm going to Boston instead of Chicago.
Tom is always doing that, isn't he?
The entrance is on the other side of the building.
What color tie was Tom wearing yesterday?
What color tie did Tom wear yesterday?
Tom couldn't see where he was going.
I need to be in Boston by the first of next month.
I don't have the time or the money to take a trip.
Tom is always in a hurry, isn't he?
The clock in the classroom is three minutes fast.
Is it true Tom used to be married to Mary?
Tom did that better than I expected.
I've been wondering whether or not I can do that.
I wonder why Tom isn't planning to do that.
You don't have any idea what to do, do you?
Tom is an excellent cook, isn't he?
I can't help but wonder if that really happened.
Tom didn't know why Mary was crying.
How many people are you expecting at your party?
Tom is a very temperamental guy.
How many Christmas cards did you send last year?
Tom is arriving tomorrow, isn't he?
We've been together for almost three years now.
We're giving Tom an opportunity to do that.
The person who used to do that for me has died.
Tom got Mary to cook dinner for him.
Overconfidence will betray you.
Everyone likes vuvuzelas!
Sami went to work at that club.
Sami was paid cash.
Sami worked at a boutique.
Sami was paid under the table.
Sami had a dirty house.
Sami used to do that when he was in college.
Sami paid me under the table as well.
Sami was working for an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami made Layla feel that.
Sami did that for Layla.
Sami still thinks about it.
Sami wasn't a US citizen.
Sami couldn't get a normal job.
Sami could not get a normal job.
Sami couldn't get a normal job because he wasn't a US citizen.
Sami got his student visa.
Sami had a student visa.
Sami was studying in Egypt.
Sami studied and worked.
Sami studies and works.
Sami was on a student visa.
Sami couldn't get a good job because he couldn't get citizenship.
Sami was paid.
Sami was getting paid cash.
Sami has a student visa.
Sami is an Egyptian student.
Layla was a white girl.
Sami got four paychecks a month.
Sami got a tip check.
Sami handed the check to Layla.
Sami handed the cash to Layla.
Sami handed the money to Layla.
Sami was so trusting.
Sami filled the form out.
Sami gave Layla a pay stub.
Sami paid his taxes.
Sami took financial algebra in high school.
Sami was a banker.
Sami had math that afternoon.
Sami made a lot of money.
Sami clocked out at six.
Sami noticed that his paycheck was short.
Sami wondered why his paychecks were short.
Sami traveled with his family.
Sami makes a lot of money.
Sami didn't even look at the check.
Sami is a manager at McDonald's.
Sami has to pay the bills.
Sami paid some extra money.
Sami paid Layla's rent.
Sami's checks weren't adding up.
Sami noticed that his checks weren't adding up.
Sami was already a manager at McDonald's.
Sami did whatever he wanted to do.
Sami had to go to school.
Sami wasn't helping me.
Sami had to pay his car insurance.
Sami let Layla sleep in his house.
Sami had to pay his own bills.
Sami had to put gas in his car.
Sami had two jobs.
Sami was doing a cleaning job.
Sami and Layla were servers.
Sami was making six dollars an hour.
Sami kept track of the tips his servers were making.
Sami taxed the tips of his servers.
Sami was on his own.
Sami needed to find a place to rent.
Sami has a second job.
Sami has another job.
Sami is writing a check.
Sami needed an apartment.
Sami needed his own apartment.
Sami doesn't come on weekends.
Sami never comes on weekends.
Sami filmed the video in his room.
Sami knew something was fishy.
Sami kept brushing Layla off.
Sami's boss was a dick.
Sami told his mom about this.
Sami doesn't know what he's doing here.
Sami asked his boss to give him his pay stubs.
Sami changed the way he was treating Layla.
Sami would ignore Layla.
Sami is completely ignoring Layla.
Sami needed those paystubs.
Sami gave Layla her paystubs.
Sami got paid four times per month.
Sami doesn't like Americans working here. He prefers to hire illegal immigrants.
Sami asked Layla to pay him in cash.
Sami did his usual job.
Sami got his tips.
Sami's payday is on Saturday.
Sami came on Saturday to take his check.
Sami came on his payday.
Sami came to collect his check.
Sami didn't have control over his anger.
Sami was angry at the world.
Sami doesn't know how he survived in customer service.
Sami's check will be ready tomorrow.
Sami will be back on Satuday.
Sami and Layla quit.
Sami is Layla's type.
Sami likes black girls.
Sami is here to pick up his check.
Sami is here to collect his paycheck.
Sami didn't say anything about this.
Sami gave Layla her paycheck.
Sami came to collect his paycheck.
Sami obviously doesn't like you.
Sami gave the check to Layla.
Sami opened the envelope and took out the check.
Sami made six hundred dollars in six hours.
Sami earns a lot of money.
Sami made sixty dollars that night.
Sami gave me sixteen dollars on a check.
Sami asked for cash.
Sami blasted out laughing.
Sami ripped the check up in Layla's face.
Sami has been talking about this.
Sami was being aggressive.
Sami left at six.
Sami works for McDonald's.
Sami is wearing his favorite t-shirt.
Sami is in the process of moving again.
Sami saw Layla in the same outfit in several videos.
Sami saw Layla in that outfit again.
Sami just said no.
Sami really wants to see this.
Sami was just thinking to himself.
Sami could go to jail.
Sami snitched on himself in a YouTube video.
Sami should wait.
Sami is not familiar with their prices.
Sami isn't familiar with their prices.
Sami was cracking his fingers.
Sami is Capricorn.
Sami and Farid shared a mutual ex.
Sami and Layla aren't a good mix.
Sami and Layla were dating.
Sami and Layla hit the year mark.
Sami went to pick Layla up.
Layla is Sami's bitch.
Sami is a Cairo native.
Sami picked Layla up from that bus station.
Sami was on the phone with Layla and he could hear Farid in the background.
Sami was so fed up.
Sami needs to come back.
Sami was standing at the door of the trailer.
Sami came back up here again.
Sami is going to fight Farid.
Sami is going to fight with Farid.
Sami is not going to argue with Layla.
Sami wants Layla to hear.
Sami is really intimidated by Farid.
Sami is not a cab driver.
Sami isn't going to call you.
Sami is not going to call you.
Sami walked away from the situation.
Sami doesn't have to be in contact with Layla.
Layla is one of those girls who, when theyn say "no", they mean "yes."
Sami lived in a nearby state.
Sami moved to a nearby state.
Sami and Layla's relationship sucks.
Sami drove his ass all the way down to Toronto.
Layla was very flirtatious.
Sami wanted to persuade Layla.
Sami was trying to persuade Layla.
Sami and Layla had a very toxic relationship.
Layla was a crazy girl.
Sami asked Layla advice.
Sami and Layla got back together.
Sami knows what Layla is going to do next week.
Sami and Layla were fighting in the backyard.
Sami knows all this stuff.
Sami knows this neighborhood like the back of his hand.
Sami waited until Layla left.
Sami stayed here for like months.
Sami was going to leave.
Sami got a call late at night.
Sami was tired of it.
Sami is not in a relationship with you.
Sami needed Layla to pick him up.
Sami didn't hear from Layla for the rest of that night.
Sami no longer smokes weed.
Sami doesn't smoke weed.
Sami told Layla that he didn't smoke weed.
Sami sells weed.
Sami's door was kicked in off its hinges.
Sami already knew that this had something to do with Layla.
Sami bought a pizza.
Sami was in the room fucking Layla.
Sami was trapped.
Sami was walking.
Sami knew I was lying.
Sami has really pissed off the wrong guy.
Sami doesn't feel right.
Sami treats his YouTube channel like a diary.
Sami likes his family.
Sami and Layla are my friends.
Sami talked about domestic violence.
Sami is helping people.
Sami didn't stop making that noise.
Sami was protecting Layla.
Sami started remembering stuff years later.
Sami doesn't feel completely comfortable talking about those memories.
Sami isn't going to cry.
Sami didn't cry.
Sami said that he wasn't going to cry.
Layla's eyelashes were sticking together.
Sami called Layla "gross."
Sami read the title.
Sami went and commented without even watching the video.
Sami doesn't even know it.
Sami didn't feel threatened at all.
Sami moved to Egypt at six years old.
Sami remembered some weird memories from when he was a child.
Sami started remembering stuff from around that time.
Sami dropped my brother and I off at McDonald's.
Sami and the other kids got separated in age groups.
Sami was a member of the club.
Sami and Layla went on the same field trip together.
Sami lived in Cairo this whole time.
Sami and Layla were really cool.
Sami and Layla hung out.
Sami and Layla went together.
Sami was introduced to Layla.
Sami was only sixteen years old.
Sami wanted to be Layla's boyfriend.
Sami looked sixteen.
Sami didn't show up.
Sami's sense of time and his memory are so fucked up.
Sami and Layla went on field trips together.
Sami tried to remember as best as he could.
Sami was super nice to Layla.
Sami bought Layla lunch.
Sami bought Layla a lot of food.
Sami bought Layla candy.
Sami picked Layla on his team.
Sami was fifteen or sixteen.
Sami and Layla are both adults.
Sami and Layla are completely different.
Sami is a predator.
Sami is still a kid.
Sami is still a child.
Sami should get this out of his mind.
Sami was grooming Layla with candy and food.
Sami does all this stuff for Layla.
Layla agreed to be Sami's girlfriend.
Layla didn't tell her mom that she had a boyfriend.
Sami didn't tell his mom.
Sami and Layla do everything together.
Sami wanted to kiss Layla.
Layla didn't kiss a boy until she was in college.
Sami never kissed anybody before.
Sami and Layla were kissing in the kitchen.
Sami did that in front of everybody.
Sami somehow knew that it wasn't right.
Sami knew that it wasn't right.
Sami found that pretty embarrassing.
Sami started noticing this.
Sami was in the water.
Sami put the blame on Layla.
Layla genuinely thought that Sami was her boyfriend.
Sami and Layla were floating around in the pool.
Layla was hanging on Sami in the pool.
Sami shouldn't do that.
Sami wasn't comfortable with that.
Sami got really angry with Layla.
Sami has never really thought about it.
Sami was older than me.
Sami knew Layla was in there.
Sami wanted to have sex.
Sami wants to have sex and Layla has never done that before.
Layla lost her virginity.
Layla didn't lose her virginity until she was sixteen.
Layla is not a virgin.
Layla isn't a virgin.
Sami doesn't really know what to do.
Sami needs to bring condoms.
Sami started to really freak out.
Sami doesn't know what the fuck to do.
Sami was too old to be here.
Sami his mom didn't have a good relationship.
Sami and Layla started building a relationship with each other.
Sami knows about this incident.
Sami was doing this to other children.
Sami was doing this to other kids.
Sami started telling the story.
Sami never saw that guy again.
Layla didn't even know that she was dating a paedophile.
Sami doesn't remember of Layla did anything to him.
Sami is interested in you.
Sami replies faster on Facebook.
I see it.
The stars were chased, and blushing rose the day. / Dimly, at distance through the misty shroud / Italia's hills and lowlands we survey, / "Italia," first Achates shouts aloud: / "Italia," echoes from the joyful crowd.
Today is the day of freedom.
We never give up.
We always triumph.
We are a light for the sight.
I did not leave him alone.
I did not leave her alone.
He was an holy Joe that everyone respected.
He was so clever that nothing was unsurmountable for him.
I was born in Prague.
You could kill someone.
Fill up this water bottle, please!
If you encounter that man, please inform me immediately.
If it were me, I wouldn't do that.
Tom is uncomfortable with the word "queer" and prefers "LGBT."
I don't know all the details.
Now it's all clear to me!
That's settled!
Would you mind writing a recomedation on LinkedIn?
Tom is a man of many parts.
Which man-made structures are visible from space?
Which man-made structures are visible from space? "It depends on your definition of space."
Women are the best creation of God.
The four boys, in fact, haven’t broken any rules.
I didn't even know Tom could do that.
I didn't even know that Tom could do that.
I didn't even know Tom could play the oboe.
I didn't even know that Tom could play the oboe.
I didn't even know Tom was going to be there.
I didn't even know that Tom was going to be there.
I didn't even know Tom wanted to do that.
I didn't even know that Tom wanted to do that.
I didn't even know Tom used to live in Boston.
I didn't even know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I didn't even know Tom was born in Boston.
I didn't even know that Tom was born in Boston.
I didn't even know Tom used to live in Australia.
I didn't even know that Tom used to live in Australia.
I didn't even know Tom was born in Australia.
I didn't even know that Tom was born in Australia.
I didn't even know Tom wasn't going to go with us.
I didn't even know that Tom wasn't going to go with us.
I didn't even know Tom had died.
I didn't even know that Tom had died.
I didn't even know Tom used to be married to Mary.
I didn't even know that Tom used to be married to Mary.
I didn't even know Tom could play lacrosse.
I didn't even know that Tom could play lacrosse.
I didn't even know Tom had to do that.
I didn't even know that Tom had to do that.
I didn't even know Tom needed to do that.
I didn't even know that Tom needed to do that.
I didn't even know that Tom knew Mary.
I didn't even know Tom was a Canadian.
I didn't even know that Tom was a Canadian.
I didn't even know Tom wanted to go to college.
I didn't even know that Tom wanted to go to college.
I had lots of friends when I was in Australia. I had a lot of friends when I was in Australia.
I bet Tom is still in Australia.
I bet that Tom is still in Australia.
That isn't something that I can do.
That's not something that I can do.
I did think it was possible.
I did think that it was possible.
Are you sure that's what you want to do?
Are you sure that that's what you want to do?
Are you sure that's what you should be doing?
Are you sure that that's what you should be doing?
Are you sure this is what we should be doing?
Are you sure that this is what we should be doing?
I have faith Tom will do that.
I have faith that Tom will do that.
I haven't tried doing that yet.
I haven't tried to do that yet.
I haven't yet tried doing that.
I just hope we keep winning.
I just hope that we keep winning.
I hope we keep winning.
I hope that we keep winning.
I know they're not like you.
I know that they're not like you.
I really hope this helps.
I really hope that this helps.
I'm still waiting to see if Tom does that.
I'm still waiting to see whether Tom does that.
I'm still waiting to see if that happens.
I'm still waiting to see whether that happens.
I bet Tom is still in Boston.
I bet that Tom is still in Boston.
I had lots of friends when I was in Boston.
I had a lot of friends when I was in Boston.
I hope more people are coming.
I hope that more people are coming.
I hope more people will be here.
I hope that more people will be here.
I thought that seemed unusual.
I thought that that seemed unusual.
I never thought I'd go there.
I never thought that I'd go there.
I wish my parents were alive.
I wish that my parents were alive.
I'm grateful we weren't injured.
I'm grateful that we weren't injured.
You can never tell what Tom is going to do.
I don't understand what you want you're saying.
Tom is as busy as always, isn't he?
I can't help but wonder what's going to happen.
How did Tom know you were going to say that?
Do you have any idea what we're supposed to do?
Tom has been doing that really well.
It wouldn't be appropriate for you to do that.
I've got to phone Tom.
I really want to stay in Boston little longer.
Tom is at home right now, isn't he?
I need to be in Boston by the end of the week.
I must be in Boston for a meeting next Monday.
Tom has been staying out of trouble.
What do you usually do when you have a fever?
Mary declined Tom's offer.
She declined his offer.
I had a lot of friends when I was in Australia.
He told me an unbelievable story.
He told me a story that you can never believe.
I believe that I've seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe I've seen the document you're talking about.
I believe I've seen the document that you're talking about.
I believe I've seen the document you're talking about. I believe I have seen the document that you're talking about.
We have to keep our eyes open for what is happening.
I knew that he wasn't dead.
I lent him my car.
I lent her my car.
Tom told me something that was hard to believe.
Tom told me a story that was hard to believe.
You are as nutty as a fruitcake dude!
Tom asked his friends if they thought Mary liked him.
Tom asked his friends if they that thought Mary liked him.
I was thirteen or fourteen at the time.
Tom was either thirteen or fourteen when he came to Boston.
Tom is either thirteen or fourteen years old. I'm not sure.
Do you think that we'll ever find our way back to the campsite?
Sami has beed dreading singing in public.
Sami hates doing this.
Sami thinks fighting is very immature.
Sami doesn't want to fight.
Layla had to fight for her brother.
Sami has never seen Layla's face before.
Sami wanted to get noticed.
Sami and Layla were six years apart.
Sami has six siblings and he's the oldest.
Sami has said this previously.
Sami fought much of Farid's battles in school.
Sami fought Farid on Rami's behalf.
Sami was trying to fight Farid.
Sami has had his fair share of fights in school.
Sami doesn't condone this.
Sami doesn't think Layla is attractive.
Sami was either in the fifth or sixth grade.
Sami doesn't want to tell this story.
Sami had the cops sent to his house.
Sami had to fight boys for Layla.
Sami isn't going to jail for that.
Sami came off the buss.
Sami is a Libra and Layla is a Gemini.
Sami was very masculine.
Layla was very feminine.
Sami is very open with a lot of things.
Sami just kept bothering Layla.
Sami was talking shit about me.
Sami can't hit Layla.
Sami got off the bus.
Sami walked behind me.
Sami picked on me.
Sami is not ugly.
Sami isn't ugly.
Sami thinks Layla is cute.
Sami is probably picking on Layla because he probably thinks she is cute.
Sami isn't as confrontational as he used to be.
Sami isn't as confrontational as Layla is.
Sami came from school so upset.
Sami isn't going to talk to that girl.
Sami was probably like fifteen or sixteen.
Sami has been bullying my brother.
Sami wants to know.
Sami wants to tell Layla this story.
Sami was already out of school.
Sami walked to the bus stop.
Sami saw Layla walking with another one of his friends.
Sami was calling Layla names.
Sami got to the driveway.
Sami was talking about my brother.
Sami is looking at Layla.
Sami asked Layla to go in the house.
Sami is light-skinned.
Sami flooded Layla's comment section with insults.
Sami was looking at that girl.
Sami was surprised as hell.
Sami was only a hundred pounds.
Sami pushed Layla.
Sami pushed Layla and she stumbled back.
Sami told me about you.
Sami was lucky.
Sami threw his backpack on the floor.
Sami pushed Layla back on the floor.
Sami tried to pick Layla up off the floor.
Sami is too old.
Sami is Layla's friend.
Sami hates children.
Sami hates kids.
Sami kicked Farid's ass.
Sami was small.
Sami is way older than Layla.
Sami didn't fuck with my brother again.
Sami wanted a real fight.
Sami wanted a real physical fight.
Sami pushed Layla twice.
Sami had an embarrassing fight with his sister.
Sami started dating his ex's sister.
Layla took her fake nails off.
Sami clipped his nails.
Sami was clipping his nails.
Sami will always remember this.
Sami found the answer on his phone.
Sami is subscribed to this YouTube channel.
Sami's camera died.
Sami couldn't charge his camera.
Sami filmed a lengthy video.
Sami and Layla talked.
Sami has been single for about a year.
Layla was fat.
Sami was fat, too.
Sami was fat.
Sami started a new relationship with Layla.
Sami never lied.
Sami was a Cancer.
Sami died last year.
Sami died six months ago.
Sami was in high school.
Sami was introduced to Layla by a friend.
Sami and Layla have been hanging out for six weeks.
Sami was hanging out with Layla.
Sami was a reoccurring character in Layla's stories.
Sami still does drugs.
Sami lived really crazy.
Sami was experimenting with drugs.
Sami would smoke weed.
Sami is sober today.
Sami was a junkie.
Sami drinks some wine.
Sami got really mad.
Sami's parents are Egyptian.
Sami's parents were really strict.
Sami did that stuff.
Sami hung out with Layla over the weekend.
Sami looks like Van Damme.
Sami got pretty drunk.
Sami hung out with Layla.
Sami is a Gemini just like me.
Sami and Layla are very similar.
Sami's hair is dry now.
Sami wanted to get his shit together.
Sami was hanging out with Layla at her house.
Sami was at his house, waiting for Layla.
Sami walked out of nowhere and grabbed Layla by the neck.
Sami went to the pool.
Sami was a crazy kid.
Sami didn't buy weed.
Sami likes Spongebob.
Sami took six pills.
Sami only took one pill.
Sami took fake drugs.
Sami didn't even leave his house.
Sami's parents were never home.
Sami sat outside of Layla's apartment.
Sami has to tell the cops all this shit.
Sami has never taken this much drugs.
Sami wanted to leave that house.
Sami had a blue suitcase.
Sami found drug paraphernalia in Layla's bag.
Sami ran into Layla's bedroom.
Sami came into the room.
Sami is so embarrassed.
Sami was seeing colors.
Sami had a mental breakdown.
Sami didn't do drug.
Sami needs to know what is going on.
Sami needs to know what's going on.
Sami was getting uncomfortable.
Sami is flirting with Layla.
Sami is going to know.
Sami is gonna know.
Sami is coherent.
Layla was consenting to that.
Sami wants to have sex with Layla.
Sami was still single then.
Sami walked to the pool.
Sami was still single at the time.
Sami finally got to the pool.
Sami was smoking weed in the hot tub.
Sami almost drowned in the pool.
Sami was in the hot tub.
Sami was eating chips.
Sami noticed that Layla's behavior was anxious.
Sami is noticing that, too.
Sami and Layla are family.
Sami's mom picked him up from the mall.
Sami is gonna be with Layla.
Sami is going to be with Layla.
Sami just looked at each other.
Sami walked from the mall to Layla's house.
Sami asked Layla to pick him up from the mall.
Sami's face dropped.
Sami is strating to freak out.
Sami's mom is gonna kill him.
Sami's mom is going to kill him.
Sami can't even go home now.
Sami overheard Layla.
Sami doesn't understand Layla's parents.
Sami's parents are not like that.
Sami's parents aren't like that.
Sami and Layla love each other.
Sami and Layla never looked at each other.
Sami was so naive.
Sami never takes drugs like these.
Sami can't hide.
Sami did drugs in the school hallways.
Sami needs to follow the rules.
Sami shouldn't have exposed Layla to this.
Sami told Layla to pick him up from here.
Sami was looking at the girl.
Sami met a beautiful.
Sami was having a good time with that girl.
Sami was having fun.
Sami's phone started blowing up.
Sami was in a good mood.
Sami calmed down a bit.
Sami was calling me.
Sami isn't saying anything.
Sami is fucked up, too.
Sami's mom doesn't know Layla.
Sami's mom got home.
Sami was thinking coherently.
Sami was talking normal.
Sami was in the living room, asleep.
Sami had his own bedroom.
Sami was asleep in his own bedroom.
Sami and Layla had a blanket over them.
Sami was touching up Layla's leg.
Sami started touching up Layla's hand again.
Sami knows that Layla and Farid are teenagers.
Sami knows what teenagers do.
Sami's car pulled up.
Sami wondered what was going on.
Sami couldn't see who was in the car.
Sami is rolling the window down.
Sami came to pick Layla up.
Sami got his ass in the car.
Sami is getting in the car.
Sami was Layla's older brother.
Sami knows this shit.
Sami is doing drugs.
Sami will have a problem, too.
Sami doesn't need to embarrass Layla like that.
Sami felt that guilt.
Sami is already in trouble.
Sami was on Layla's Twitter and saw what she was doing.
Sami and Layla are just watching.
Sami was giggling a little bit.
Sami hit Layla on the head.
Sami was so rowdy.
Sami can hear Layla's voice.
Sami stopped laughing.
Sami is still talking to Layla.
Sami can't cross this line.
Sami was still yelling.
Sami is a child.
Sami pressed charges on Layla.
Sami's mom came out on the patio.
Sami was smoking a cigarette on the patio.
Sami never touched Layla again.
Sami sped up.
Sami looks stupid as fuck.
Sami looks so fucking stupid.
Sami doesn't know what Layla wants.
Sami genuinely liked Layla.
Sami woke up the next day.
Sami told Layla that him and Salima were boyfriend and girlfriend.
Sami wanted to hold Layla's hand.
Sami and Layla took a couple of pictures together.
Sami was looking for a relationship.
Sami is not going to break up with Layla.
Sami got serious with Layla.
Sami isn't going to break up with Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to get married.
Sami and Layla can't do this anymore.
Sami doesn't want to be with Layla.
Sami said that this wasn't going to work.
Sami didn't want to date Layla's sister.
Sami was making moves on Layla multiple times.
Sami gave Layla and Farid privacy.
Sami kissed Layla.
Sami was acting really weird again.
Sami found this very fucking weird.
Sami got his first tattoo at sixteen.
Sami didn't do drugs.
Sami is hearing that noise.
Sami is drinking some wine.
Sami is a wino.
Sami's a weirdo.
Sami is a punk.
Sami is a thug.
Sami was very self-oriented.
Sami's story doesn't make any sense.
Sami had an allergic reaction.
Sami kept sneezing.
Sami is sneezing again.
Sami invited Layla to his birthday party.
Sami has changed for the better.
Sami didn't talk to Layla at all.
Sami has matured.
Sami thinks that Layla has changed.
Sami thinks that Layla has matured.
Sami watched Layla's videos.
Sami is gonna be confused.
Sami is going to be confused.
Sami was abusing Layla's space.
Sami lived in his room.
Sami threw his birthday party in his apartment.
Sami and Layla are going to Walmart.
Sami dressed as an alien for Halloween.
Sami got everything ready for the party.
Sami never vacuums his apartment.
Sami called Layla over here.
Sami yelled at me.
Sami was involved as well.
Sami went to pick up Layla.
Sami didn't see that.
Sami went to the liquor store.
Sami was going to buy the liquor for the party.
Sami didn't buy any liquor for the party.
Sami works at a liquor store.
Sami just ignored it.
Sami said it again.
Sami hates tequila.
Sami doesn't want to do that.
Sami is buying his own liquor.
Sami drank his own liquor.
Sami is going to his apartment.
Sami started doing some extracurricular activities.
Sami invited six people to his birthday party.
Sami didn't want Layla to know where he lived.
Sami left his wallet at the gas station.
Sami was going to the gas station.
Sami lost his wallet at the gas station.
Sami gave Layla his wallet.
Sami and Layla were both drinking.
Sami binds with everybody.
Sami is such a nice fucking person.
Sami is drinking tequila.
Sami didn't really like Layla.
Sami just didn't like Layla.
Sami was really shady.
Sami was taking pictures of Layla.
Sami bought some meth.
Sami was just drinking.
Sami was on the couch.
Sami was just laughing.
Sami has tried to have sex with Layla multiple times.
Sami showed genuine interest in Layla.
Sami is talking about my girl right in my face.
Sami can hear the whole thing.
Sami's apartment was a mess.
Sami is throwing up on the patio.
Sami was straight.
Sami was stealing from Walmart.
Sami should make sure that Layla doesn't steal his stuff.
Sami and Layla were talking about philosophy.
Sami got in Layla's bed.
Sami slept in Layla's bed.
Sami is real strong.
Sami shouldn't worry about this.
Sami came out of there.
Sami didn't lock any door in the house.
Sami heard the door open.
Sami heard his bathroom door open.
Sami heard the shower go on.
Sami was not in the bed.
Sami wasn't in the bed.
Sami was still asleep.
Sami drank some water.
Sami started getting dressed.
Sami wanted to get a shower.
Sami knocked on the bathroom door.
Sami was in Layla's bathroom.
Sami and Layla were both naked.
Sami just went to the bathroom.
Sami got out of the bathroom.
Layla didn't wear underwear.
Sami started smelling that strong odor.
Sami put the suitcase in his closet.
Sami doesn't want the money.
Mennad was pulling up to Baya's house.
Sami dropped Layla off.
Sami's car smells like shit.
Sami tried to sleep in Layla's bed.
Sami shat in the bathtub.
Sami is sitting in his car.
Sami didn't smell that anymore.
Sami likes Layal's new hair.
Layla is in love with this hair.
Sami worked with this company.
Layla was in love with that hair.
Sami knew what to do with this.
Sami was new to this.
Sami's hair is super long.
Sami lived in Egypt.
Sami was kicked out.
Sami and Layla did this.
Sami doesn't like driving.
Sami drives.
Sami asked Layla to drive.
Sami doesn't really have time to do this.
Sami doesn't like to do this.
Sami doesn't like to be treated like that.
Sami likes going out.
Sami doesn't like going to clubs.
Sami never goes to clubs.
Sami and Layla went to different clubs.
Sami went to a club.
Sami went to a strip club.
Sami wanted to go to a strip club.
Sami felt that he would have a good time at that club.
Sami knew that Layla worked at a strip club.
Sami brought his grandma with him.
Sami met a new girl.
Mennad has an appointment.
Mennad had an important appointment.
Sami bought an expensive car.
Sami won't go home.
Sami was having fun that night.
Sami doesn't have a car.
Sami isn't going to say that.
Sami drank a little bit.
Sami went over there.
Sami was close to Layla.
Sami died.
Sami was cooking.
Sami was drinking.
Sami ate some food.
Sami was drunk as hell.
Sami is sober now.
Sami isn't even drunk.
Sami was drunk that night.
Sami will have to drive all the way over there.
Sami and Layla hopped in the car.
Sami took some shots.
Sami found blood on the couch.
Sami was in the lobby.
Sami was still walking.
Sami wasn't looking at Layla.
Sami walked into the arcade.
Sami was standing next to Layla.
Sami played a lot of games.
Sami was playing games by himself.
Sami was getting dehydrated.
Sami was dehydrated.
Sami and Layla have been drinking.
Sami got some water for Layla.
Sami was in the bar space.
Sami stood outside of the bar space.
Sami pretended that he couldn't hear Layla.
Sami was looking down on me.
Sami asked for some water.
Sami pointed at the sign.
Sami has been sixteen for some time now.
Sami has to be twenty-one to get anything from this bar.
Sami asked for some Layla.
Sami wants some water.
Sami needs to come back with an ID.
Sami needs to pay for a meal in order to get some water.
Sami bought some water.
Sami doesn't have his ID.
Sami needed some water.
Sami needs water.
Sami is dehydrated.
Sami got Layla some water.
Sami wasn't hostile with the security guard.
Sami knows his girlfriend.
Layla knows her guy.
Sami wasn't trying to be disrespectful.
Sami looks like a teenager.
Sami and Layla were playing games.
Sami has his ID.
Sami gave the security guard his ID.
Sami showed the bartender his ID.
Sami spilled the water on the bar.
Sami saw Layla doing this.
Sami was drinking his water.
Sami was still playing that game.
Sami was so drunk that he didn't give a fuck about anybody.
Sami is drinking the water.
Sami and Layla are playing basketball.
Sami felt somebody behind me.
Sami was still drunk.
Sami was playing Pacman.
Sami knows how this device works.
Sami isn't smoking weed.
Sami whispered in Layla's ear.
Sami has got to go.
Sami whispering in Layla's ear.
Sami just needs to go.
Sami said something hurtful to Layla.
Sami spilled milk on the bar.
Sami was walking out of the bar.
Sami was escorted out of the bar.
Sami was escorted out of the bar by two cops.
Sami followed Layla until she got to the door.
Sami was really friendly to the cops.
Sami has just been kicked out of the bar.
Sami was kicked out again.
Sami was in the wrong and he deserved to be kicked out of the bar.
Sami got kicked out of the bar.
Sami wanted to record this.
Sami needs to subscribe.
Sami gets notified every time Layla posts a new video.
Sami was not in a relationship.
Sami wasn't in a relationship.
Sami and Layla weren't in a relationship at the time.
Sami has been single for a long time.
Sami still had feelings for Layla.
Sami joined a dating app.
Layla was already talking to two guys.
Sami is downloading the app.
Sami has never tried a dating app in his life.
Sami doesn't do any of that shit.
Sami was adding a whole bunch of girls on Facebook.
Layla's hair was so poofy.
Layla was like a tomboy.
Sami and Layla were chatting for a little bit.
Layla had her hair up.
Sami and Layla are really cool.
Sami was way more into her than she was to him.
Sami wants to do this.
Sami and Layla have been talking for about a week.
Sami is not fake.
Sami isn't fake.
Sami's pictures are real. He's not a catfish.
Sami is talking to me.
Layla is so pretty.
Sami and Layla were face-timing.
Sami is so happy.
Sami didn't catfish anybody.
Sami and Layla had a little conversation.
Sami and Layla were texting.
Sami and Layla kept texting each other.
Sami kept texting.
I haven't done anything that Tom hasn't done.
Please put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Tom is at work right now, isn't he?
Mary is three years younger than her husband.
I look forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
I plan to go back to Boston as soon as I can.
Tom is busy and can't meet with you.
I need to be in Boston the Monday after next.
Let me ask Tom whether he can do that or not.
I have a younger sister who lives in Boston.
Tom is aware of all this, isn't he?
I had a similar problem when I was in Boston.
Sami and Layla never exchanged picture.
Sami found Layla so pretty.
Sami knew a lot about Layla but she didn't know a lot about him.
Sami and Layla aren't even together.
Sami and Layla are not even together.
Sami needs to chill.
Sami is single right now.
Sami didn't want to start a serious relationship.
Sami is chatting with Layla.
Sami deleted his account.
Sami and Layla have a lot in common.
Sami really liked Layla's sister.
Sami has never met Layla in person.
Sami has never kissed Layla.
Sami has never hugged Layla.
Sami is so crazy.
Sami didn't want anything serious.
Sami is going to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami and Layla's relationship got really toxic.
Sami doesn't remember this exactly.
Sami gave Layla a fake address.
Sami is hurting Layla.
Sami knows this is Layla.
Sami asked Layla not to message him anymore.
Sami really doesn't need this.
Sami was still friends with Layla.
Sami didn't have time for this bitch.
Sami sent Layla that message from his phone.
Sami was going to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami passed that message on to Layla.
Sami asked Layla to pass that message on to Farid.
Sami is going to block this number.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be talking to all those other people.
Sami wanted to find love.
Sami needs to go outside.
Sami is way better for Layla than Farid is.
Sami continued to message Layla but she just wanted to cut the whole thing off.
Sami is gonna have work today.
Sami is going to have work today.
Sami likes Layla's big face.
Layla keeps her skin so nice.
Sami has pictures.
Sami liked horror stories.
Sami was with different people.
Sami was so fucked up.
Sami and Layla were both Leo.
Sami has watched the video.
Sami is my ex-roommate.
Sami wanted to watch the video.
Sami doesn't really remember.
Sami and Layla decided that they wanted to go to the movies.
Layla and Salima were a lesbian couple.
Sami met a lesbian couple.
Sami is my ex.
Sami lived in a two-storey penthouse.
Sami had a bedroom with two beds.
Sami was fifteen, sixteen.
Sami had a pull-out couch in his living room.
Sami went to a hotel.
Sami was up there.
Sami slept here.
Sami slept on the pull-out couch.
Sami didn't even have money.
Sami and Layla spent the night at a hotel.
Sami drove down to Cairo in his car.
Sami lived in a penthouse.
Sami bought a penthouse in Cairo.
Sami was driving there.
Sami and Layla were in the same car.
Sami was driving towards Cairo.
Sami didn't know how to drive.
Sami and Layla drove together.
Sami got there first.
Sami checked into the hotel.
Sami was loving it.
Sami doesn't listen to these artists.
Sami is having a good time.
Sami was convulsing.
Sami just passed out.
Sami got there.
Sami got there really late.
Sami got there late.
Sami left the club late.
Sami was seen talking to two lesbian girls.
Sami was talking to a lesbian couple.
Sami was here for a free ride.
Sami left the club really early.
Sami wanted to go back to the hotel.
Sami and Layla went back to the hotel.
Sami liked Layla a lot.
Sami is cool, too.
Sami said something about me to Layla.
Sami was pretty sure that Layla said something about him to Farid.
Sami was still working a full-time job.
Sami bought Layla a drink.
Sami is on the couch.
Sami was just sitting on the couch.
Sami finally came.
Sami had met Layla before.
Sami could be cool with anybody.
Sami ended up falling out with Layla.
Sami and Layla got there.
Sami and Layla were drinking.
Sami was trying to get attention from Layla.
Sami doesn't want Layla to do drugs.
Sami used to sell Layla weed.
Sami doesn't even smoke weed.
Sami doesn't do any drugs.
Sami used to sell Layla drugs.
Sami is having a really shitty time.
Sami locked his keys in the car.
Sami went to Layla's hotel.
Sami knew who this guy was.
Sami knew who that girl was.
Sami was already in a bad room.
Sami is already high.
Sami read the title of the book.
Sami was in room six.
Sami weighed not more than ninety pounds.
Sami was Layla's friend.
Sami went to get Layla some water.
Sami didn't have any money.
Sami poured Layla a shot.
Sami was drinking with me.
Sami did smoke weed.
Sami would smoke weed every now and then.
Sami doesn't even view weed as a drug.
Sami got back to Cairo.
Sami asked Layla to call him when she got back to Cairo.
Sami doesn't remember much of day one.
Sami doesn't like that bickering.
Sami was only there for six days.
Sami was just being a dick.
Sami took my car.
Sami doesn't like to wait.
Sami was making the situation so much worse.
Sami has never been to that festival.
Sami didn't really enjoy himself at the club.
Sami is making a new video.
Sami has just been notified of this.
Sami has been following Layla on Twitter for a long time.
Sami had to take his YouTube video down.
Sami skipped the video to the part where Layla was crying.
Sami hates moving houses.
Sami wants to take Layla's money.
Sami has left that apartment.
Sami owned six apartments.
Sami was moving from this apartment to that one.
Sami needs a storage unit.
Sami bought a storage unit.
Sami moved his freezers to his new factory.
Sami is paying rent.
Sami's moving date is in June.
Sami talked to the manager.
Sami could be here any time.
Sami could be here any minute.
Sami is driving to the office.
Sami confirmed this with his manager.
Sami gave his manager his office keys.
Sami wondered why this kept happening.
Sami isn't using the storage unit.
Sami got his refund.
Sami took my money.
Sami can't give you your money back.
Sami needs those sixty dollars.
Sami needed money so bad.
Sami and his company came to a settlement.
Sami tried to talk to his manager.
Sami doesn't know what to tell Layla.
Sami was a little bit more polite.
Sami called Layla's manager.
Sami didn't call me back.
Sami is going to the bank.
Sami knows how that shit works.
Sami wanted to get his money back.
Sami was using his card to make multiple payments.
Sami's bank cancelled his card.
Sami's credit card was cancelled.
Sami's YouTube channel started to kick off.
Sami wanted his money.
Sami wanted his money back.
Sami made a video on Youtube.
Sami wasn't his real name.
Sami's company doesn't have the ability to refund.
Sami has thousands of customers now.
Sami made his YouTube video.
Sami got a phone call from a number he didn't recognize.
Sami got a phone call from a number he did not recognize.
Sami disputed the company's charge.
Sami knows the protocol.
Sami is familiar with the protocol.
Sami was wrongly charged.
Sami's bank is going to process the refund for him.
Sami is watching Layla's YouTube video.
Sami took his YouTube video down.
Sami was asked to take his YouTube video down.
Sami is doing that shit again.
Sami is helping Layla now.
Sami wants to have his money back.
Sami paid for a service that he didn't get.
Sami got a letter from his bank six weeks later.
Sami didn't have any proof.
Sami wasn't in that house.
Sami had proof that he wasn't there.
Sami was a customer service agent.
Sami said the same thing happened to him.
Sami was only like sixteen years old.
Sami doesn't know any of that.
Sami got swindled.
Sami's video got sixty thousand views.
Layla is wearing the same outfit today.
Sami got an e-mail from YouTube.
Sami forgot the word.
Sami doesn't have his phone.
Sami copyrighted the pictures.
Sami trademarked his logo.
Sami was making money out of those videos.
Sami got Layla in trouble with the company.
Sami wasn't an asshole.
Sami was passive-aggressive.
Sami's video didn't contain any copyrighted material.
Sami is our digital media manager.
Sami used Layla's logo in his video.
Sami says he didn't do it.
Sami asked Layla to remove her video from YouTube.
Sami deleted the video.
Sami uploaded the video on YouTube.
Sami will delete the video.
Sami will not be silenced.
Sami won't be silenced.
Sami gave Layla her money back.
Sami knows you're watching this.
Cool guys don't look at explosions.
Then sire Anchises hastened to entwine / a massive goblet with a wreath, and vowed / libations to the gods, and poured the wine / and on the lofty stern invoked the powers divine: / "Great gods, whom Earth and Sea and Storms obey, / breathe fair, and waft us smoothly o'er the main."
Is she okay?
They shouldn't have stopped so quickly.
If you use your computer before going to bed, you owe it to your eyes to turn on Night Shift on your Mac.
Tom's brother is a plumber.
I don't like the way you talk to me.
Just now I was chatting with my parents.
Your classmate's clothes are very pretty.
It's just there on the sofa.
She has returned.
Tom is your younger brother.
An apple a day is good for our health.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be late.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be late.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be careful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be careful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be early.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be early.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be mad.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be mad.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be grumpy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be grumpy.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be grumpy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be grumpy.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be grouchy.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be grouchy.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be thrilled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be thrilled.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be thrilled.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be thrilled.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be impatient.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be impatient.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be impatient.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be impatient.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be successful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be successful.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be successful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be successful.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be cranky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be cranky.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be cranky.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be cranky.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be quiet.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was better at French than he was.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was better at French than he was.
Tom told me he thought Mary was better at French than he was.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was better at French than he was.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could do that better than he could.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could do that better than he could.
Tom told me he thought Mary could do that better than he could.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could do that better than he could.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could swim faster than he could.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could swim faster than he could.
Tom told me he thought Mary could swim faster than he could.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could swim faster than he could.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could run faster than he could.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could run faster than he could.
Tom told me he thought Mary could run faster than he could.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could run faster than he could.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could dance better than he could.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could dance better than he could.
Tom told me he thought Mary could dance better than he could.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could dance better than he could.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was a better tennis player than he was.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was a better tennis player than he was.
Tom told me he thought Mary was a better tennis player than he was.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was a better tennis player than he was.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was suicidal.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was suicidal.
Tom told me he thought Mary was suicidal.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was suicidal.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was through.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was through.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was unbeatable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unbeatable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unbeatable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unbeatable.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was undecided.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was undecided.
Tom told me he thought Mary was undecided.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was undecided.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was amusing.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was amusing.
Tom told me he thought Mary was amusing.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was amusing.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was poor.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was poor.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was amused.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was amused.
Tom told me he thought Mary was amused.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was amused.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was glad.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was glad.
Tom told me he thought Mary was glad.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was glad.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was ambitious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ambitious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ambitious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ambitious.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was anxious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was anxious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was anxious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was anxious.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was clever.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was clever.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was ashamed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ashamed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ashamed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ashamed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was attractive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was attractive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was wealthy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was wealthy.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was shocked.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was shocked.
Tom told me he thought Mary was shocked.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was shocked.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was good-looking.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was good-looking.
Tom told me he thought Mary was good-looking.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was good-looking.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be careful.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be careful.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be careful.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be careful.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be early.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be early.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be early.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be early.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be prudent.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be supportive.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be courteous.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he hoped that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me that he hoped that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary knew how to play the flute.
Tom told me he thought that Mary knew how to play the flute.
Tom told me he thought Mary knew how to play the flute.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary knew how to play the flute.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was taking piano lessons.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was taking piano lessons.
Tom told me he thought Mary was taking piano lessons.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was taking piano lessons.
Tom told me that he thought Mary used to play the cello.
Tom told me he thought that Mary used to play the cello.
Tom told me he thought Mary used to play the cello.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to play the cello.
Tom told me that he thought Mary played the violin when she was younger.
Tom told me he thought that Mary played the violin when she was younger.
Tom told me he thought Mary played the violin when she was younger.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary played the violin when she was younger.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had bought a new viola.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had bought a new viola.
Tom told me he thought Mary had bought a new viola.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had bought a new viola.
Tom told me that he thought Mary played drums professionally.
Tom told me he thought that Mary played drums professionally.
Tom told me he thought Mary played drums professionally.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary played drums professionally.
Tom told me that he thought Mary used to play lead guitar in John's band.
Tom told me he thought that Mary used to play lead guitar in John's band.
Tom told me he thought Mary used to play lead guitar in John's band.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to play lead guitar in John's band.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was charming.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was charming.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was disgusting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was disgusting.
Tom told me he thought Mary was disgusting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was disgusting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ambidextrous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ambidextrous.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was articulate.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was articulate.
Tom told me he thought Mary was articulate.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was articulate.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was too assertive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was too assertive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was too assertive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was too assertive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was autistic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was autistic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was bipolar.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was bipolar.
Tom told me he thought Mary was bipolar.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was bipolar.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was chubby.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was chubby.
Tom told me he thought Mary was chubby.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was chubby.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was claustrophobic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was claustrophobic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was clueless.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was clueless.
Tom told me he thought Mary was clueless.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was clueless.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was competent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was competent.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was conscious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was conscious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was conscious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was conscious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was conservative.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was conservative.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was diabetic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was diabetic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was divorced.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was divorced.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was finished.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was finished.
Tom told me he thought Mary was finished.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was finished.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was flustered.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was flustered.
Tom told me he thought Mary was flustered.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was flustered.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was guilty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was guilty.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was gullible.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was gullible.
Tom told me he thought Mary was gullible.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was gullible.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was homeless.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was homeless.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was homesick.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was homesick.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was illiterate.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was illiterate.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been irresponsible.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been irresponsible.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had acted irresponsibly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had acted irresponsibly.
Tom told me he thought Mary had acted irresponsibly.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had acted irresponsibly.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was paralyzed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was paralyzed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was paralyzed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was paralyzed.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was psychic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was psychic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was psychic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was psychic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was responsible.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was responsible.
Tom told me he thought Mary was responsible.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was responsible.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom told me he thought Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was responsible for the accident.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was responsible for the accident.
Tom told me he thought Mary was responsible for the accident.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was responsible for the accident.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was retired.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was retired.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was schizophrenic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was schizophrenic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was schizophrenic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was schizophrenic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was smarter than he was.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was smarter than he was.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ugly.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ugly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was blind.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was blind.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was naive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was naive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was naive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was naive.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was sharp.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sharp.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sharp.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sharp.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was witty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was witty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was witty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was witty.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was about thirty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was about thirty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was about thirty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was about thirty.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was too young to drive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was too young to drive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was too young to drive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was too young to drive.
Tom's parents told him that they thought he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him they thought that he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him they thought he was too young to get married.
Tom's parents told him that they thought that he was too young to get married.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sorry.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sorry.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was weird.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was weird.
Tom told me he thought Mary was weird.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was weird.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was greedy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was greedy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was greedy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was greedy.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was adopted.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was adopted.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still doing that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still in Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still in Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still in Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still in Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still a teacher.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still a teacher.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still a teacher.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still a teacher.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still a high school student.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still a high school student.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still a high school student.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still a high school student.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still a teenager.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still a teenager.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still a teenager.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still a teenager.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still in her teens.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still in her teens.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still in her teens.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still in her teens.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was still interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was still interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was still interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was still interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still needed to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still needed to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary still needed to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still needed to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still had to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still had to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary still had to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still had to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still ought to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still ought to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary still ought to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still ought to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still lived in Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still lived in Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary still lived in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still lived in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom told me that he thought Mary still wanted to learn French.
Tom told me he thought that Mary still wanted to learn French.
Tom told me he thought Mary still wanted to learn French.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still wanted to learn French.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was the best-looking girl in our class.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was the best-looking girl in our class.
Tom told me he thought Mary was the best-looking girl in our class.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was the best-looking girl in our class.
Tom told me that he thought Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was from Australia.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was from Australia.
Tom told me he thought Mary was from Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was from Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was from Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was from Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary was from Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was from Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could speak French.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could speak French.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom told me he thought Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom told me that he thought Mary wanted to learn how to play the clarinet.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wanted to learn how to play the clarinet.
Tom told me he thought Mary wanted to learn how to play the clarinet.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wanted to learn how to play the clarinet.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary had to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary ought to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary ought to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary should do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary should do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary should do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary should do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would want to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was single.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was single.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was skinny.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was skinny.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was stingy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was stingy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was strange.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was strange.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was strict.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was strict.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was strong.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was strong.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was stupid.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was stupid.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was talented.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was talented.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was trustworthy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was trustworthy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was uncomfortable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was uncomfortable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unfriendly.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unfriendly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unmarried.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unmarried.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was wrong.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was wrong.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was fun.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was fun.
Tom told me he thought Mary was fun.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fun.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was odd.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was odd.
Tom told me he thought Mary was odd.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was odd.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was ill.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ill.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ill.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ill.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was new.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was new.
Tom told me he thought Mary was new.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was new.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was hurt.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was hurt.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hurt.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was hurt.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was back.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was back.
Tom told me he thought Mary was back.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was back.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was cool.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was cool.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was free.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was free.
Tom told me he thought Mary was free.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was free.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was mean.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was mean.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was nuts.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was nuts.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was rude.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was rude.
Tom told me he thought Mary was rude.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was rude.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was next.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was next.
Tom told me he thought that Mary looked pale.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary looked pale.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was deaf.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was deaf.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was alive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was alive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was alive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was alive.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was dead.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was dead.
Tom told me he thought Mary was dead.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was dead.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was frantic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was frantic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was frantic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was frantic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was aggressive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was aggressive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was aggressive.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was aggressive.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was asleep.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was asleep.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was beautiful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was beautiful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was conceited.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was conceited.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was correct.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was correct.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been courteous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been courteous.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been courteous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been courteous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was crazy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was crazy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was creative.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was creative.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was cute.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was cute.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was dependable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was dependable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was disappointed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was disappointed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was dishonest.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was dishonest.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was engaged.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was engaged.
Tom told me he thought Mary was engaged.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was engaged.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was fat.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fat.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was friendly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was friendly.
Tom told me he thought Mary was friendly.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was friendly.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was funny.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was funny.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was healthy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was healthy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was honest.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was honest.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been impolite.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been impolite.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was intelligent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was intelligent.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was interesting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was interesting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was lazy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was lazy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sad.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sad.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was married.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was married.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was nice.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was nice.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was old too old for him.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was old too old for him.
Tom told me he thought Mary was old too old for him.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was old too old for him.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was overweight.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was overweight.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was pretty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was pretty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was reliable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was reliable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was rich.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was rich.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was satisfied.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was satisfied.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was selfish.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was selfish.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was serious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was serious.
Tom told me that he thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary needed to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary needed to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was heartbroken.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was heartbroken.
Tom told me he thought Mary was heartbroken.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was heartbroken.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was hot.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was hot.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was impressed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was impressed.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was incorrect.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was incorrect.
Tom told me he thought Mary was incorrect.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was incorrect.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was innocent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was innocent.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was mistaken.
Tom told me he thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was mistaken.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was outside.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was outside.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was pleased.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was pleased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was prepared.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was prepared.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was just being sarcastic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was just being sarcastic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was just being sarcastic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was just being sarcastic.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been suspended.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been suspended.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been suspended.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been suspended.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been arrested.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been arrested.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been arrested.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been arrested.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been fired.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been fired.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been fired.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been fired.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was unbiased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unbiased.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unbiased.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unbiased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was undependable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was undependable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was unfair.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unfair.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unfair.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unfair.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was unhurt.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unhurt.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unhurt.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unhurt.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was OK.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was OK.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was fine.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was fine.
Tom told me he thought Mary was fine.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fine.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was biased.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was biased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was boring.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was boring.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was done.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was done.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was fair.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was fair.
Tom told me he thought Mary was fair.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fair.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was full.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was full.
Tom told me he thought Mary was full.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was full.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was lost.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was lost.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was safe.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was safe.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was high.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was high.
Tom told me he thought Mary was high.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was high.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was well.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was well.
Tom told me he thought Mary was well.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was well.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was disorganized.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was disorganized.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been disrespectful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been disrespectful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was incompetent.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was incompetent.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was insane.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was insane.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been offended.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been offended.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been offended.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been offended.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was overconfident.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was overconfident.
Tom told me he thought Mary was overconfident.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was overconfident.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was prejudiced.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was prejudiced.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was troubled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was troubled.
Tom told me he thought Mary was troubled.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was troubled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unconscious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unconscious.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was annoying.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was annoying.
Tom told me he thought Mary was annoying.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was annoying.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been careful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been careful.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been careful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been careful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been careless.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been careless.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was cold.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was cold.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was confused.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was confused.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was curious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was curious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was curious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was curious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was drunk.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was drunk.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was excited.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was excited.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was mad.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was mad.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was here.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was here.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was interested.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was interested.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was jealous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was jealous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was lonely.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was lonely.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been reasonable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been reasonable.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been reasonable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been reasonable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was scared.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was scared.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been scared.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been scared.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been scared.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been scared.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was stubborn.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was stubborn.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was surprised.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was surprised.
Tom told me he thought Mary was surprised.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was surprised.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sympathetic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sympathetic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was terrified.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was terrified.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was tired.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was tired.
Tom told me that he thought Mary had been unlucky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been unlucky.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been unlucky.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been unlucky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was in.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was in.
Tom told me he thought Mary was in.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was in.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was up.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was up.
Tom told me he thought Mary was up.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was up.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was out.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was out.
Tom told me he thought Mary was out.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was out.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was last.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was last.
Tom told me he thought Mary was last.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was last.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was home.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was home.
Tom told me he thought Mary was home.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was home.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was right.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was right.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ready.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was ready.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was depressed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was depressed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was desperate.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was desperate.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was discouraged.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was discouraged.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was downstairs.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was downstairs.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was frightened.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was frightened.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was frustrated.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was frustrated.
I still don't think you should be doing that.
I still don't think that you should be doing that.
I'm convinced Tom has to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom has to do that.
I'm really happy that happened.
I'm really happy that that happened.
I'm convinced Tom doesn't need to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom doesn't need to do that.
I understand nobody wants to help us.
I understand that no one wants to help us.
I'm convinced Tom doesn't have to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom doesn't have to do that.
I understand no one wants to help us.
I'm convinced Tom can speak French well enough to work here.
I'm convinced that Tom can speak French well enough to work here.
I understand that nobody wants to help us.
It was obvious to everybody Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everyone that Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everyone Tom was tired.
It was obvious to everybody that Tom was tired.
I would've thought you'd be unhappy.
I would've thought that you'd be unhappy.
I would've thought you'd do that.
I would've thought that you'd do that.
I would've thought you'd have been happy.
I would've thought that you'd have been happy.
Tom was obviously glad that was going to happen.
Tom was obviously glad that that was going to happen.
I would've thought you would've done that.
I would've thought that you would've done that.
I'm certain that won't happen today.
I'm certain that that won't happen today.
I'm sure that won't happen today.
I'm sure that that won't happen today.
I'm almost sure that won't happen today.
I'm almost sure that that won't happen today.
I'm fairly certain that won't happen today.
I'm fairly certain that that won't happen today.
I'm almost certain that won't happen today.
I'm almost certain that that won't happen today.
I'm looking forward to hearing why you think we should do that.
I'm looking forward to hearing why you think that we should do that.
It's very obvious Tom likes me.
I'm not counting on anyone's help.
I'm not counting on anybody's help.
It's very obvious Tom likes Mary.
I'm pretty confident that'll happen.
I'm pretty confident that that'll happen.
It's very obvious Tom doesn't understand French very well.
I'm convinced I need to do that.
I'm convinced that I need to do that.
It's obvious Tom lied.
I'm convinced I have to do that.
I'm convinced that I have to do that.
It's obvious Tom knows what he's doing.
It seemed obvious to me the plan needed a few revisions.
It's obvious Tom isn't talking to Mary.
It's obvious you're wrong.
It's obvious Tom isn't interested in girls.
It's obvious that Tom isn't interested in girls.
It's obvious you're no longer interested.
It's obvious Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
It's obvious you're lying.
It's obvious Tom is in love with Mary.
It's obvious you told a lie.
It's obvious Tom is exhausted.
It's obvious you are an intelligent boy.
It's obvious Tom is a skilled musician.
It was obvious it would be this way.
In retrospect, it may seem obvious we shouldn't have been burning our trash so close to our house.
It's obvious that you two want to be alone together.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to be here.
I've done everything I've been asked to do.
I've done everything that I've been asked.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
I've done everything I've been asked.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like doing that.
I've done everything that I've been asked to do.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't want to do that together.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't like each other.
It's obvious Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
It's obvious Tom is sick.
It's obvious that Tom is sick.
I thought it would be impossible.
I thought that it would be impossible.
It's obvious Tom doesn't care about us.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't care about us.
I'm happy something is happening.
I'm happy that something is happening.
I've done everything that you've asked.
I've done everything that you've asked me to do.
I'm not interested in talking to anyone.
I'm not interested in talking to anybody.
I think that Tom is the one who should make that decision.
I think Tom is the one that should make that decision.
I think Tom is the one who should make that decision.
I think that Tom is the one that should make that decision.
What you said made everyone angry.
What you said made everybody angry.
Tom convinced me that you were the best person for the job.
You're still not convinced that we're telling the truth, are you?
You're still not completely convinced that's going to happen, are you?
You're still not completely convinced that that's going to happen, are you?
You'll soon be convinced I'm right.
You'll soon be convinced that I'm right.
You're still not completely convinced Tom knows what he's doing, are you?
You're still not completely convinced that Tom knows what he's doing, are you?
You've convinced me I was wrong.
You've convinced me that I was wrong.
You don't seem convinced you should do that.
You don't seem convinced that you should do that.
You've almost convinced me to stay for another week.
You've almost convinced me to stay for one more week.
What convinced you Tom was right?
What convinced you that Tom was right?
What convinced you that Tom wasn't guilty?
What convinced you you were wrong?
We're not convinced yet that we should do that.
We aren't yet convinced we should do that.
We're not convinced yet we should do that.
We aren't yet convinced that we should do that.
We almost had Tom convinced he should do that.
We almost had Tom convinced that he should do that.
Tom wasn't convinced that it was a good idea.
Tom was convinced that he'd been betrayed.
Tom told me that he wasn't convinced.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unconvinced.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unconvinced.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was busy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was busy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was angry.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was angry.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was in Australia.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was doing that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was through doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was through doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was worried.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was worried.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was afraid.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was afraid.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was alone.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was alone.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was annoyed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was annoyed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was annoyed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was annoyed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was awake.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was awake.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was bored.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was bored.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was broke.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was broke.
It's obvious Tom is wrong.
It's obvious that Tom is wrong.
I'm happy that nothing bad happened.
It's obvious Tom is right.
It's obvious that Tom is right.
I'm very fortunate that hasn't happened.
I'm very fortunate that that hasn't happened.
It's obvious Tom isn't used to living on a tight budget.
It's obvious that Tom isn't used to living on a tight budget.
We're very fortunate that hasn't happened.
We're very fortunate that that hasn't happened.
It was pretty obvious Tom was the one who did that.
We're very fortunate that didn't happen.
We're very fortunate that that didn't happen.
It was obvious Tom was trying to get Mary's attention.
We're very fortunate nobody was hurt.
We're very fortunate that no one was hurt.
It was obvious Tom wanted to kiss me.
We're very fortunate no one was hurt.
It was obvious Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
We're very fortunate that nobody was hurt.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to take out the garbage.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to sing.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to leave.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to get in the water.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to do that.
It was obvious Tom didn't need to do that.
It was obvious Tom and Mary had strong feelings for each other.
It was obvious Tom had told a lie.
It was obvious that Tom had told a lie.
It was obvious Tom had lied.
It was obvious that Tom had lied.
It was obvious Tom hadn't been careful enough.
It was obvious that Tom hadn't been careful enough.
It was obvious Tom was lying.
It was obvious that Tom was lying.
It seems obvious Tom is unable to swim.
It seems obvious that Tom is unable to swim.
It seems obvious Tom is sick.
It seems obvious that Tom is sick.
It seems fairly obvious Tom isn't happy here.
It quickly became obvious Tom couldn't understand very much French.
Isn't it obvious Tom was the one who did that?
I think it's pretty obvious Tom likes Mary.
I think it's pretty obvious Tom doesn't want to do that.
I think it's pretty obvious Tom doesn't want to be here.
After talking to Tom for a few minutes, it became obvious his French wasn't very good, so Mary switched to English.
It's very obvious that Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
It's obvious that Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
It's obvious that Tom wants to do that.
It's obvious that Tom wants to die.
It's obvious that Tom really cares about Mary.
It's obvious that Tom has had a rough day.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to talk about this.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like Mary.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like Mary anymore.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't know anything.
It's obvious that Tom can't do it without some help.
It's obvious Tom can't do that without some help.
It's obvious that Tom can't do that without some help.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary like each other.
It's very obvious Tom and Mary like each other.
It's very obvious that Tom and Mary like each other.
It was pretty obvious that Tom did it.
It was obvious that Tom had been drinking.
Isn't it obvious that Tom did it?
Isn't it obvious Tom did that?
Isn't it obvious that Tom did that?
Tom was obviously glad that had happened.
Tom was obviously glad that that had happened.
Tom was obviously glad we were there.
Tom was obviously glad that we were there.
Tom was obviously happy he'd been chosen.
Tom was obviously happy that he'd been chosen.
I assumed Tom would do something about that.
I assumed that Tom would do something about that.
I can't stay for as long as I'd planned.
I can't stay for as long as I'd planned to.
I think that decision should be made by Tom.
I think that that decision should be made by Tom.
I wish that I could stay longer.
Tom knew it was his duty to do that.
Tom knew that it was his duty to do that.
I know you're a teenager.
I know that you're a teenager.
Tom knew it was his duty to take care of Mary.
Tom knew that it was his duty to take care of Mary.
Nobody would ever do that.
No one would ever do that.
I know Tom is a teenager.
I know that Tom is a teenager.
I don't think that anyone would do that.
I don't think anybody would do that.
I know Tom is just a teenager.
I know that Tom is just a teenager.
I don't think anyone would do that.
Tom did some things I wouldn't do.
Tom did some things that I wouldn't do.
I don't think that anybody would do that.
I also don't think Tom is going to do that.
I also don't think that Tom is going to do that.
I also don't think Tom will do that.
I also don't think that Tom will do that.
I also don't think Tom can do that.
I also don't think that Tom can do that.
I also don't think Tom is very good at doing that.
I also don't think that Tom is very good at doing that.
I promise one day I'll return.
I promise that one day I'll return.
I also don't think Tom needs to do that.
I also don't think that Tom needs to do that.
I promise I'll come back someday.
I promise that I'll come back someday.
I also don't think Tom has to do that.
I also don't think that Tom has to do that.
I promise I'll be back soon.
I promise that I'll be back soon.
I also don't think Tom wants to do that.
I also don't think that Tom wants to do that.
I still have the same bicycle I had when I was thirteen.
I still have the same bicycle that I had when I was thirteen.
I also don't think Tom really needs to do that.
I also don't think that Tom really needs to do that.
I still wish you'd do that.
I still wish that you'd do that.
I also don't think Tom really has to do that.
I also don't think that Tom really has to do that.
I still wish you wouldn't do that.
I still wish that you wouldn't do that.
I also don't think Tom should do that.
I also don't think that Tom should do that.
I'm afraid you won't get paid.
I'm afraid that you won't get paid.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that.
I'm afraid I won't get paid.
I'm afraid that I won't get paid.
I also don't think that's going to happen.
I also don't think that that's going to happen.
I don't think Tom is very good at doing that.
I don't think that Tom is very good at doing that.
I certainly don't think that's the case.
I certainly don't think that that's the case.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that.
I didn't think it would happen.
I didn't think that it would happen.
I don't think that Tom has to do that.
I didn't think that that would happen.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that.
I don't think there's any more beer.
I don't think that there's any more beer.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that.
I hope you'll follow my advice.
I hope that you'll follow my advice.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that.
I really wasn't planning to do that.
I really wasn't planning on doing that.
I remember doing that when I was thirteen.
I remember doing that when I was thirteen years old.
I couldn't leave as early as Tom.
I couldn't leave as early as Tom did.
I wouldn't say they were wrong.
I wouldn't say that they were wrong.
I hope you'll follow Tom's advice.
I hope that you'll follow Tom's advice.
I bet you haven't had to do that.
I bet that you haven't had to do that.
I really don't care if Tom does that or not.
I really don't care whether Tom does that or not.
I'm pleased that happened.
I'm pleased that that happened.
I wish that I'd never met Tom.
I'm sure I'm wrong.
I'm sure that I'm wrong.
I wish that I'd never kissed Tom.
I don't believe that's the case.
I don't believe that that's the case.
I wish I'd never given Tom any money.
I wish that I'd never given Tom any money.
I really don't care if you do that or not.
I really don't care whether you do that or not.
I wish I'd never lent Tom my umbrella.
I wish that I'd never lent Tom my umbrella.
I wish that I'd never done that.
I wish I'd never dated Tom.
I wish that I'd never dated Tom.
I wish I'd never gone to Boston.
I wish that I'd never gone to Boston.
I wasn't as successful as Tom.
I wasn't as successful as Tom was.
I wish I'd never gone to Australia.
I wish that I'd never gone to Australia.
I wish I'd never started smoking.
I wish that I'd never started smoking.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
I'm living proof you don't have to be smart to be a politician.
I'm living proof that you don't have to be smart to be a politician.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure Tom does that.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that Tom does that.
I believe I did the right thing.
I believe that I did the right thing.
I think that I did the right thing.
Tom is the one that ought to do that.
Tom is the one who ought to do that.
I'm pretty sure that I did the right thing.
Tom is the one that should do that.
I'm certain I did the right thing.
I'm certain that I did the right thing.
I still don't think Tom should be doing that.
I still don't think that Tom should be doing that.
I'm quite certain I did the right thing.
I'm quite certain that I did the right thing.
I'm really happy Tom was able to do that.
I'm really happy that Tom was able to do that.
I suppose that's about to change.
I suppose that that's about to change.
I'm really happy Tom was able to be here.
I'm really happy that Tom was able to be here.
I think that's about to change.
I think that that's about to change.
I'm really happy Tom will be at my party.
I'm really happy that Tom will be at my party.
I think that might change.
I think that that might change.
I was really happy Tom helped us.
I was really happy that Tom helped us.
I'm afraid there's a little problem.
I'm afraid that there's a little problem.
I was really happy Tom was able to do that.
I was really happy that Tom was able to do that.
I'm afraid there's a problem.
I'm afraid that there's a problem.
I was really happy Tom could do that.
I was really happy that Tom could do that.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that doesn't happen.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that that doesn't happen.
I was really happy Tom didn't complain.
I was really happy that Tom didn't complain.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that happens.
I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that that happens.
I was really happy Tom didn't complain about anything.
I was really happy that Tom didn't complain about anything.
I'm sure we haven't done anything wrong.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything wrong.
I was really happy Tom helped Mary.
I was really happy that Tom helped Mary.
I'm sure we haven't done anything illegal.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything illegal.
I was really happy Tom helped Mary do that.
I was really happy that Tom helped Mary do that.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have.
I'm sure we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have done.
I was really happy Tom was here.
I was really happy that Tom was here.
I'm sure we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have.
I was pretty surprised Tom did that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom did that.
I'm sure that we haven't done anything that we shouldn't have done.
I was pretty surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I was pretty surprised Tom didn't want to do that.
I was pretty surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
I would've thought Tom would do that.
I would've thought that Tom would do that.
I would've thought Tom would've been here.
I would've thought that Tom would've been here.
Mary heard Tom was dating another girl.
Mary heard that Tom was dating another girl.
I'm the one that ought to do that.
I'm the one who ought to do that.
I think Tom and Mary used to work together.
I think that Tom and Mary used to work together.
I'm the one that should do that.
Tom works at a store not too far from where he lives.
Tom works at a store that isn't too far from where he lives.
You're the one that needs to do that.
Tom works at a store that's not too far from where he lives.
You're the one that ought to do that.
You're the one that should do that.
I'm convinced Tom won't do that.
I'm convinced that Tom won't do that.
I believe we can do better.
I believe that we can do better.
I'm convinced Tom will do that.
I'm convinced that Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's necessary.
I'm convinced Tom wants to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom wants to do that.
I don't think doing that's necessary.
I don't think that doing that's necessary.
I'm convinced Tom doesn't want to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I don't think that that's necessary.
I'm convinced Tom can't do that.
I'm convinced that Tom can't do that.
I still don't think that that's a good idea.
I'm convinced that Tom can do that.
I still don't think we should be doing this.
I still don't think that we should be doing this.
I'm convinced Tom needs to do that.
I'm convinced that Tom needs to do that.
Tom and Mary are still yelling at each other.
Doing that wouldn't be the right thing to do.
Tom is going to appreciate it a lot.
What'll you be doing the day after tomorrow?
Tom may be able to do that better than I can.
What do you usually do when you have a cold?
Tom is being unrealistic, isn't he?
We moved to Boston last summer from Chicago.
It took Tom only three hours to get to Boston.
That was the third time that I'd been there.
Tom is going to be at home tomorrow.
It's been a long time since I was last here.
It would be good if you could do that for Tom.
I stayed after class to talk to the teacher.
Tom is being very unfair, isn't he?
I don't have much money so I seldom eat out.
We look forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
How many years have you been a teacher here?
Tom is going to be awake in an hour.
How many years have you been a student here?
How long were you there before Tom noticed you?
What time did you get up yesterday morning?
Tom is busy all the time, isn't he?
We don't yet have any plans for the summer.
It wasn't a coincidence that Tom was in Boston.
The conference will be in Boston next year.
Tom is going to be buried on Monday.
That's what's going on in Boston right now.
Only about thirty people came to Tom's concert.
Our album was recorded primarily in Boston.
Tom is cleaning his room, isn't he?
It's been three years since I last saw you.
Tom says people in Boston are terrible drivers.
Tom is going to be down in a minute.
Is it legal to hunt kangaroos in Australia?
If I were in Tom's shoes, I'd do the same thing.
I've been thinking about what might happen.
Tom is coming for dinner, isn't he?
I really should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom and his brothers grew up in the Boston area.
Doing that may take longer than you expect.
Tom is going to be in touch with us.
What's today's date? "It's October 20th."
Tom is coming right back, isn't he?
I'm going to be doing that starting today.
Tom and Mary have been together for thirty years.
I wanted to stay in Boston with my family.
Tom is going to be thirty this year.
I put the milk back into the refrigerator.
Tom and Mary seem to enjoy talking to each other.
How many people are you expecting to come?
Tom is coming to get you, isn't he?
As I've just told you, I won't doing that.
Tom will probably tell you exactly what happened.
This is the kind of place I want to live.
Tom is going to be waiting for Mary.
They refused to let me into the building.
Tom is cooking breakfast, isn't he?
The person who did that has already left.
Tom is much more laid back now than he used to be.
I might go to Boston the week after next.
Tom is going to come if you ask him.
In 2013, I moved from Boston to Chicago.
Tom knocked on my door in the middle of the night.
If you don't agree, you can just say so.
Tom is determined to win, isn't he?
I've got to get back home before Monday.
We're going to give Tom an opportunity to do that.
I put the milk back in the refrigerator.
Tom is going to come this afternoon.
I lived in Boston until three years ago.
How did you know exactly what Tom was going to say?
Your French pronunciation is excellent.
Tom is doing a great job, isn't he?
Try doing that if you aren't afraid to.
The police didn't find any weapons in Tom's garage.
It won't be easy to solve this problem.
Tom is going to come this week, too.
I moved to Boston the year before last.
Tom doesn't seem very concerned about that problem.
At present, there's no plan to do that.
Tom is doing fairly well, isn't he?
What's today's date? "It's the 20th."
Tom is likely to plead guilty to all three charges.
Do you speak French? "Yes, a little."
Tom is going to do as you suggested.
What'll you do the day after tomorrow?
Tom says Boston has the worst drivers in the world.
I'll never ask you for anything again.
Tom is doing fine so far, isn't he?
I don't really speak French very well.
If I'd been in Tom's shoes, I'd have done that, too.
I don't get back to Boston very often.
Tom is usually shy around strangers.
I almost forgot to turn off the stove.
Tom broke up with his girlfriend on Valentine's day?
What do you do when you have a fever?
Tom is doing much better, isn't he?
If you don't agree, just let us know.
We're looking forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
I don't know anything about children.
Tom might be kissing Mary right now.
Is it legal to do that in Australia?
I sure miss Tom.
I would definitely recommend it.
I'd consider doing that.
I lent Tom my car.
I want to see you later.
Tom is pretty lazy.
I want that blue jacket.
I sure do miss Tom.
I really love this game.
Tom is pretty fussy.
I just love coming here.
I tried to avoid Tom.
I have to be aggressive.
Tom is pretty needy.
I didn't take the train.
I'd rather be with Tom.
I can't let you in here.
Tom is pretty witty.
I can't let you help me.
I told Tom about Boston.
I'm pretty adventurous.
Tom is pretty young.
I told Tom where I lived.
I'm confused right now.
Tom is pretty active.
I'd rather be swimming.
I'm aware of Tom's plans.
I'd rather be sleeping.
Tom is pretty greedy.
I never got to do that.
I despise people like Tom.
I despise those people.
Tom is pretty sneaky.
I told Tom what Mary said.
I'm pretty successful.
Tom is pretty stingy.
I'm pretty persuasive.
I told Tom where I'd been.
I'm outside right now.
Tom is a little pudgy.
I'm interested in art.
I told Tom where Mary was.
I'd rather drink beer.
Tom was obviously mad.
I'd rather be surfing.
I do love singing with Tom.
I'd rather be skating.
Tom is pretty friendly.
I'd accept that offer.
I told Tom about Australia.
I do have one problem.
Tom is pretty outgoing.
I'm pretty resilient.
I told Tom what I had done.
I'm pretty organized.
Tom is pretty reckless.
I'll build it myself.
I'd rather eat steak.
Tom is pretty reserved.
I'd rather be hiking.
I lent Tom my car last week.
I do love doing that.
Tom is pretty talented.
I've seen you fight.
I told Tom what I had to do.
Tom is pretty tolerant.
I'm pretty ticklish.
I told Tom what I should do.
I'm naked right now.
I do love swimming.
I told Tom where I was born.
I'm pretty strong.
Tom was obviously cold.
I had to sit down.
I told Tom where Mary lived.
I don't use drugs.
Tom was obviously deaf.
It's not unusual.
We haven't convinced Tom to do that yet.
I'm pretty picky.
I wouldn't want to kiss Tom.
I'm pretty blind.
Tom was obviously high.
I'm almost blind.
I told Tom about my vacation.
I'm pretty full.
I told Tom about what happened.
I'm a bad loser.
Tom's life has changed.
I'll replace it.
It's already past nine o'clock.
Promises aren't enough.
Not only did you not eat with me, you went to have dinner with another girl!
He is the class's extremely intelligent student.
I like taking walks in nature.
We are informed by newspapers of the major events that take place every day.
He is very good at teaching people.
By the way, may I ask when in the evening your restaurant opens?
My name is Anna. What is your name?
I know why you're happy.
The concert begins now.
The concert's just beginning.
The meeting is just about to start.
The movie is just beginning.
The movie is just about to start.
The concert is now beginning.
That thief stole a phone on the bus.
My friend is currently designing a user interface for the new operating system.
This is an innovative solution.
Tom washes the dishes for Mary.
How much will it cost to mend this skirt?
I read this book. It was interesting from beginning to end.
She is sleeping.
Put that here.
Thank you for lunch!
Learning about other countries' cultures is very interesting.
Quieten down!
Sami is making a movie.
Sami is being patient.
Sami will just go ahead and do it.
Sami doesn't want this to happen to him.
Sami clicked on the button.
Sami clicked on the "send" button.
Sami asked Layla to click ont he "subscribe" button.
Sami watched the video from the beginning to the end.
Sami was learning stuff.
Sami is a data analyst.
Sami's credit card was stolen.
Sami was doing that job.
Sami found this kind of shitty.
Sami wasn't getting the same salary that Layla was getting.
Sami married an older lady.
Sami doesn't even know that.
Sami was no longer in my department.
Sami married a very pretty lady.
Sami was very sweet.
Today is Tuesday. Which day is it tomorrow?
Sami left McDonald's.
Sami and Layla were on good terms.
Sami is doing the job with a team.
Sami can help you.
Sami is my supervisor.
Sami was constantly fucking up.
Sami was losing thousands of dollars.
Sami lost a lot of money.
Sami is doing the wrong thing.
Now is tourist season.
Sami is a loss prevention agent.
Sami asked us for help.
Sami was called by a customer.
Sami didn't know what to say about that.
Sami usually asks Layla for help.
Sami would never ask for help.
Sami said that Farid was hitting on Layla.
Sami sits next to me.
Sami didn't hear what Layla said about him.
She is holding an umbrella in her hand.
My grandfather likes going for walks.
My front teeth stick out.
Every time I see you, I cannot help but be reminded of your mother.
I watched how you made it.
Sami knew everything that was going on.
Sami was telling other co-workers wrong information.
Sami knew what he was talking about.
Sami obviously knew what was going on.
Sami is actually a very easy-going person.
Sami was cool with Layla.
Sami isn't in this story.
Sami listened to the story again.
Sami was fucking up so much.
Sami made more money.
Sami didn't get hired.
Sami got the position.
Sami was a piece of shit.
Sami was qualified.
Sami is bisexual.
Sami said he was bisexual and Layla respected that.
Sami got a liking to Layla.
Sami didn't reciprocate the same amount of emotional connection that Layla was giving him.
Sami would buy Layla lunch.
Sami and Layla sit next to each other.
Sami found this so awkward.
Sami accepted Layla.
Sami came in early.
Sami is a sports fan.
Sami needed to go to church.
Sami is going to church.
Sami works the Saturday shift.
Sami was coming on Saturday.
Sami's desk was right behind me.
Sami hates this office environment.
Sami was the boss.
Sami is peeking.
Sami picked the pants up from the floor.
Sami found soiled panties in the bathroom.
Layla peed in her panties.
Sami wondered how the panties got there.
Layla ditched the soiled panties.
Layla took her panties off.
Layla left her soiled panties and left them in the hallway for everybody to see.
Sami came in a little bit late to work.
Sami is super talkative.
Sami was super feisty.
Sami sat down on my desk.
Sami was here.
Sami found the panties under his desk.
Sami is gonna tell you after the break.
Sami is going to tell you after the break.
Sami saw the panties.
Sami clocked in at six.
Sami didn't want to touch the panties.
Sami felt embarrassed for Layla.
Sami picked up the panties from the ground.
Layla dropped her panties on the floor.
Sami walked in from his break.
This is not bravery but stupidity.
Layla took the panties and put them in her purse.
Sami bought shorts.
Sami went back into the room.
Sami is having his break.
Sami married an old bitch.
Sami is always fighting with old people.
Sami doesn't even remember.
Sami doesn't know how long Layla has been there.
Sami was trying so hard not to laugh.
Sami threw the panties in the trash.
Sami was a nice person.
Sami is helping Layla out.
Sami was bullying that lady.
Sami's hair is looking crazy.
Sami needed to breathe.
Sami took those glasses off.
Sami worked at that company for six years.
Sami doesn't know Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami just came down here from New York.
Sami kept saying this.
Sami asked Layla to follow him on Twitter.
Sami made his YouTube video public.
Sami posted a video on YouTube and he made it public.
Sami and Layla had the same training class together.
Sami came to contront Layla.
Sami was doing live chats.
Sami looks so familiar.
Sami doesn't know who those people are.
Sami knows them.
Sami wasn't my roommate yet at that point.
Sami and Layla are so cool.
Sami and Layla had common friends.
Sami started to be nice to Layla.
Sami was about to move in with me.
Sami still considers Farid as his best friend.
Sami doesn't know who this person is.
Layla is a tall bitch.
Sami is about six foot.
Sami used to bully everybody at our school.
Sami wanted to be friends with Layla.
Sami said Layla was his friend.
Sami needs to watch out for Layla.
Layla just loves drama.
Layla faked a pregnancy in high school.
Layla wasn't trying to start a drama.
Layla loved high school drama.
Sami is in high school.
Sami is an adult that behaves like a teenager.
Sami and Layla used to sit by each other.
Sami was sitting by me.
Layla is a few months pregnant.
Sami was like sixty something.
Layla was known for faking pregnancies.
Layla faked a pregnancy in middle school.
Sami was going to jail.
Sami agreed with me.
Sami wasn't ready for kids.
Layla has a baby.
Sami doesn't give a fuck.
Layla was a very tall girl.
Layla had a belly but she wasn't pregnant.
Sami and Layla bought strollers and baby clothing.
Layla was having a girl.
Sami touched Layla's stomach and could feel the baby kicking.
Sami kept his composure.
Sami didn't come here to fight anybody.
Sami and Layla were in the same training class.
Layla was such a socialite.
Sami is cool with them.
Sami went to lunch with the boss.
Sami was bragging about that.
Layla was bragging about the baby.
Sami doesn't think Layla was pregnant.
Sami went to high school with Layla.
Sami remembers what happened to Layal.
Layla had a miscarriage.
Layla said she had a miscarriage.
Layla wasn't able to conceive children.
Layla had a miscarriage when she was very young.
Sami isn't Egyptian.
Sami works at a call center.
Sami placed an order.
Sami didn't show up on Saturday.
Sami noticed that Layla didn't show up on Saturday.
Sami needs to show up on mandatory days.
Sami fired Layla because she didn't show up on a mandatory day.
Sami fired Layla because she didn't come in on a mandatory day.
Sami missed a mandatory day and he was fired.
Sami didn't give the fuck about Layla.
Sami's friend was murdered.
Sami saw Layla on the news.
Sami saw that Layla was upset.
Sami worked there for six years.
Sami took advantage of that.
Layla was going into labor.
Layla was having her baby.
Sami was totally understanding.
Sami really wasn't a good liar.
Sami thought Layla was still pregnant.
Sami came in to work.
Layla was wearing tight jean pants.
Sami sat next to an old woman.
Sami was very humble and sweet.
Sami is in his sixties.
Sami went to his desk.
Sami was basking in attention.
Sami is a Sagitarius.
Sami knew that Layla was lying to him.
Sami was making money.
Sami has pictures of the baby.
Sami hit Layla on the shoulder.
Sami posted pictures on Facebook.
Layla had a miscarriage yesterday.
Sami is going to try again.
Sami was physically shaken.
Sami said it.
Sami has never had children.
Sami ran outside and Layla ran outside with him.
Sami left Layla because she had lost the child.
Sami will never have children.
Sami was bedridden for some time.
Sami wants attention.
Sami and Layla don't even know each other.
Layla's husband left her because she had a miscarriage.
Sami needs to go back to his desk.
Sami went somewhere else.
Sami had every right to be feeling like that.
Sami was a pathological liar.
Layla lost a child.
Sami only kept the job for a few months.
Sami never heard from them again.
Sami is on camera.
Sami was wearing a stupid wig.
Sami doesn't like Layla's wig too much.
Sami's glasses were coming off.
Sami didn't pay attention to Layla's hair.
Sami is in front of the camera.
Sami doesn't always look like this.
Sami gives advice on YouTube.
Sami had a roommate.
Sami is Farid's last roommate.
Sami wants to move out.
Sami has to think about this.
Sami called Layla one day.
Sami's call was a buttdial.
Sami and Layla didn't have any bad blood.
Sami was a very sensitive person.
Sami still had all of his shit in that apartment.
Sami is very confrontational.
Sami was just doing what he had to do.
Sami and Layla needed to do that together.
Sami didn't even listen to the voice mail.
Sami knew that Layla was upset.
Sami told Layla that the call was a buttdial.
Sami moved into his new place.
Sami buttdialled Layla.
Sami kept being weird.
Sami doesn't share personal things on his YouTube channel.
Sami and Layla were living with each other.
Sami liked that about Layla.
He is going to go to England for a trip this summer.
Sami was very naive.
Sami was very gullible.
Sami told us two stories in one.
Sami told Layla a short story.
Sami was trying to cook something.
Sami was vegan.
Sami couldn't cook.
Sami could not cook.
Sami didn't know how to cook.
Sami cracked the window open.
Sami cracked the door open.
Sami asked Layla to crack the door open.
Sami didn't really hear Layla.
Sami heard Layla coming home from work.
Sami turned the fire alarm off.
Sami is cooking.
Sami asked Layla to turn the fire alarm off.
Sami went to his bed.
Sami was cooking early in the morning.
Sami didn't know what that was.
Sami bought a dictionary.
Sami had a bathroom inside his room in that apartment.
Sami is still asleep.
She's returned.
Sami opened the door to his room.
Sami's front door is wide open.
Sami was paying his rent.
Sami is sleeping.
Sami checked to see if Layla was alive.
Sami is asleep.
Sami woke up Layla.
Sami made sure that nothing was stolen.
Sami has a lot of expensive things in his room.
Sami had computers and other equipment in his room.
Sami left his front door open.
Sami was renting a room.
Sami did a really stupid thing.
Sami doesn't mind Layla's long stories. In fact, he loves them.
Sami has lived with girls his whole life.
Sami is straight.
Sami and Layla were vegans.
Sami's room was musty.
Sami smelt that odor.
Sami never cooks.
Sami doesn't cook.
Sami's vegetables were spoiling in Layla's fridge.
Sami never had anybody over.
Sami wanted to chill with Layla.
Sami wanted to chill with somebody else.
Sami's door is wide open.
Sami's room is spotless.
Sami's living room is dirty.
Sami's kitchen is disgusting.
Sami's fridge smells.
Sami saw all that dirty shit in the kitchen.
Sami's house was dirty.
Sami's mom will beat his ass.
Sami started cleaning up the living room.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of everybody.
Sami is cleaning up.
Sami is cleaning up the living room.
Sami was kind of intimidated.
Sami wasn't there anymore.
Sami didn't apologize.
Sami would always do little shit like that.
Sami was doing his job on the computer.
Sami got a picture message from Layla.
Sami sent Layla a picture message.
Sami was watching Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami bolted from his desk and ran out.
Sami asked Layla if she wanted to come inside and she said yes.
Sami kidnapped children.
Sami had his backpack on.
Sami's kids are here, in my apartment.
Sami is in deep shit.
Sami got the kids out of the house.
Sami missed the school bus.
Sami sat outside.
Sami felt the need to do that.
Sami kept the kids out.
Sami is fucking stupid.
Sami got off work at six.
Sami apologized about what happened earlier.
Sami and Layla met each other in high school.
Sami decided to take care of Layla.
Sami reported his kids as missing.
Sami doesn't know Layla's parents.
Sami could get kicked out for this shit.
Sami got questioned by the cops.
Sami deleted all the pictures.
Sami is slow.
Sami is a very slow learner.
Sami is very gullible.
Sami got fired from that job.
Sami had children in his house.
Sami shouldn't fuck with Layla.
Sami is not going to say it.
Sami isn't going to say it.
Sami and Layla ended up parting ways.
Sami needs his own space.
Sami asked Layla to renew the lease for him.
Sami doesn't want to talk about Layla.
Sami's video was long.
Layla fell in love with that wig.
Layla is in love with this wig.
Sami recorded another video after that.
Sami makes funny videos.
Sami makes fun of himself.
Sami is not familiar with this channel.
Sami gave Layla a lot of trust and space.
Sami shouldn't have given Layla all that trust.
Sami kept sending Layla pictures.
Sami doesn't think Layla lives here.
Sami showed me Layla's picture.
Sami confronted Layla about it.
Sami kept liking and commenting on Layla's pictures on Facebook.
Sami doesn't consider this as cheating.
Sami commented on Layla's pictures on Facebook.
Sami doesn't comment on pictures on Facebook.
Sami and Layla are friends on Facebook.
Sami cheated on Layla with other people.
Sami is really young.
Sami can't even talk to Layla.
Sami was only sixteen but he was looking real grown.
Sami was about to turn sixteen.
Sami was shocked that Layla was only sixteen.
Sami got tired of all that cheating.
Sami got tired of it.
Sami was making out with another girl.
Sami went into a room and started fucking.
Sami saw Layla making out with another boy.
Sami was with his older brother.
Sami couldn't believe that Layla could do this.
Sami cheats on me all the time.
Sami has got to tell Layla about that.
Sami dated Layla for a little bit.
Sami was getting cheated on.
Sami knew about that incident.
Sami really doesn't like Layla.
Sami started distancing herself from Layla.
Sami started noticing Layla getting distant.
Sami knew what Layla did.
Sami saw a picture of Layla with Farid on Facebook.
Sami was sitting next to Layla.
Sami let people know that he was in a relationship.
Sami looked single on Facebook.
Sami didn't give a fuck.
Sami was everywhere.
Sami has been messaging Layla on Instagram for a year.
Sami can even ask Layla.
Sami is just living his life.
Sami took Layla to that lake.
Tom is convinced that he's right.
Tom is convinced that he's doing that right thing.
I'm not convinced that ghosts actually exist.
I'm convinced that we can take care of ourselves.
I'm convinced that we can finish this by tomorrow.
I'm convinced that we can do that.
I'm convinced that we can do it.
I'm convinced that my son is innocent.
I'm convinced that I'm doing the right thing.
I convinced Tom he was wrong.
I convinced Tom that he was wrong.
My cat mews a lot.
Tom denied Mary was the one who convinced him to do that.
I wish that I could be convinced otherwise.
Tom's smile convinced Mary he was happy.
Tom's smile convinced Mary that he was happy.
At first, we were all convinced Tom was innocent.
At first, we were all convinced that Tom was innocent.
Are you convinced that this is the right thing to do?
Sami went there every day.
Sami sent me a picture.
Sami sent Layla a video.
Sami was wearing one of Farid's t-shirts.
Sami was sixteen and he was still going through puberty.
Sami wasn't talking to that girl.
Sami can't look at Layla's messages.
Sami blocked me on Facebook.
Sami and Layla wanted to be together.
Sami might put his hands on Layla.
Sami regretted doing that.
Sami and Layla never got together after that.
Sami has been dating Layla for six months.
Sami posted pictures of him on top of Layla.
Sami doesn't want this.
Sami is taking pictures of Layla.
Sami posted pictures of him and Layla on Facebook.
Sami is tired of this shit.
Sami wanted to be with Layla for the rest of his life.
Sami has been talking to Layla for at least a year.
Sami and Layla can't be together.
Sami and Layla cannot be together.
Layla is Sami's currently girlfriend.
Sami and Layla have been dating for six years.
Sami considered this cheating.
Sami played Layla's ass.
Sami saw Layla recently.
Sami looks exactly like Richard Gere.
Sami is kind of pissed off.
Sami doesn't even want this shirt.
Sami deleted the video by accident.
Layla's shirt looks cuter.
Sami was looking real cute in that video.
Sami's YouTube video did really well.
Sami was the only person who knew Layla's true identity.
Sami and Layla were having a good time.
Sami has never been catfished.
Sami was very much into MySpace.
Sami didn't know who Layla is.
Sami's shirt was wrinkled as shit.
Sami is gay.
Sami was coming of age.
Sami was gay and wanted male attention.
Sami was a MySpace model.
Sami was on MySpace.
Sami added Layla on MySpace.
Sami downloaded a texting app.
Sami found Layla's number.
Tom told me that he's not going to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he isn't going to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he had a knife I could borrow.
Tom told me that he had a knife that I could borrow.
Tom told me that he isn't interested in you anymore.
Tom told me he isn't interested in you anymore.
Tom told me that he's not interested in you anymore.
Tom told me that he didn't have as many friends as Mary did.
Tom told me he didn't have as many friends as Mary did.
Tom told me that he didn't have as many friends as Mary.
Tom told me he was afraid Mary might kill him.
Tom told me that he was afraid Mary might kill him.
Tom told me that he was afraid that Mary might kill him.
Tom told me that he thought that he was going to die in prison.
Tom told me he thought that he was going to die in prison.
Tom told me he had a trombone that he wasn't using anymore.
Tom told me that he had a trombone he wasn't using anymore.
Tom told me that he had a trombone that he wasn't using anymore.
Tom told me that he thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me that he won.
Tom told me that he cried.
Tom told me that he'd try.
Tom told me that he'd win.
Tom told me that he'd come.
Tom told me that he'd help.
Tom told me that he'd sing.
Tom told me that he'd wait.
Tom told me that he'd do it.
Tom told me that he'd leave.
Tom told me that he did that.
Tom told me that he felt hot.
Tom told me that he knew you.
Tom told me that he liked it.
Tom told me that he told you.
Tom told me that he'd buy it.
Tom told me that he disagreed.
Tom told me that he felt cold.
Tom told me that he felt fine.
Tom told me that he felt safe.
Tom told me that he felt sick.
Tom told me that he felt weak.
Tom told me that he had to go.
Tom told me that he knew Mary.
Tom told me that he might win.
Tom told me that he should go.
Tom told me that he was dying.
Tom told me that he'd be back.
Tom told me that he'd be here.
Tom told me that he'd call me.
Tom told me that he'd help me.
Tom told me that he'd help us.
Tom told me that he called you.
Tom told me that he didn't cry.
Tom told me that he didn't win.
Tom told me that he enjoyed it.
Tom told me that he felt tired.
Tom told me that he had a cold.
Tom told me that he had a plan.
Tom told me that he knows Mary.
Tom told me that he left early.
Tom told me that he liked Mary.
Tom told me that he liked rain.
Tom told me that he liked snow.
Tom told me that he loved Mary.
Sami wasn't very tech-savvy.
Tom told me that he understood.
Tom told me that he was a poet.
Tom told me that he was thirty.
Tom told me that he wasn't mad.
Tom told me that he'd be there.
Tom told me that he'd call you.
Tom told me that he could do it.
Tom told me that he didn't know.
Tom told me that he felt better.
Tom told me that he felt hungry.
Tom told me that he had a knife.
Tom told me that he liked pizza.
Tom told me that he may do that.
Tom told me that he plans to go.
Tom told me that he walked home.
Tom told me that he was annoyed.
Tom told me that he was unhappy.
Tom told me that he was working.
Tom told me that he was wounded.
Tom told me that he wasn't busy.
Tom told me that he wasn't sick.
Tom told me that he wasn't sure.
Tom told me that he'd been busy.
Tom told me that he'd been sick.
Tom told me that he'd help Mary.
Tom told me that he'd stay home.
Tom told me that he'd try again.
Tom told me that he'd walk home.
Tom told me that he ate too much.
Tom told me that he could fix it.
Tom told me that he didn't agree.
Tom told me that he didn't do it.
Tom told me that he didn't smoke.
Tom told me that he felt seasick.
Tom told me that he had no money.
Tom told me that he had to leave.
Tom told me that he had to split.
Tom told me that he isn't hungry.
Tom told me that he needed money.
Tom told me that he tried to win.
Tom told me that he wanted to go.
Tom told me that he wants to die.
Tom told me that he wants to win.
Tom told me that he was Canadian.
Tom told me that he was a doctor.
Tom told me that he was finished.
Tom told me that he was mistaken.
Tom told me that he was unbiased.
Tom told me that he was worn out.
Tom told me that he wasn't alone.
Tom told me that he wasn't angry.
Tom told me that he wasn't bored.
Tom told me that he wasn't happy.
Tom told me that he wasn't tired.
Tom told me that he wasn't upset.
Tom told me that he wouldn't cry.
Tom told me that he wouldn't win.
Tom told me that he'd likely cry.
Tom told me that he'd look at it.
Tom told me that he'd try to win.
Tom told me that he believed Mary.
Tom told me that he believed that.
Tom told me that he could help us.
Tom told me that he could take it.
Tom told me that he couldn't wait.
Tom told me that he couldn't walk.
Tom told me that he didn't get it.
Tom told me that he felt offended.
Tom told me that he liked my idea.
Tom told me that he might not win.
Tom told me that he speaks French.
Tom told me that he wanted to cry.
Tom told me that he wanted to die.
Tom told me that he wanted to win.
Tom told me that he was an artist.
Tom told me that he was concerned.
Tom told me that he was done, too.
Tom told me that he was in Boston.
Tom told me that he wasn't coming.
Tom told me that he wasn't hungry.
Tom told me that he wasn't sleepy.
Tom told me that he won't do that.
Tom told me that he would do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't wait.
Tom told me that he'd sort it out.
Tom told me that he'd wait for us.
Tom told me that he did that wrong.
Tom told me that he didn't do that.
Tom told me that he found his keys.
Tom told me that he had a headache.
Tom told me that he had no regrets.
Tom told me that he had to do that.
Tom told me that he heard gunshots.
Tom told me that he knew the rules.
Tom told me that he liked swimming.
Tom told me that he needed a favor.
Tom told me that he needed my help.
Tom told me that he needed to talk.
Tom told me that he never saw Mary.
Tom told me that he owed Mary $300.
Tom told me that he plans on going.
Tom told me that he should do that.
Tom told me that he studied French.
Tom told me that he visited Boston.
Tom told me that he wanted my help.
Tom told me that he wanted to help.
Tom told me that he wanted to quit.
Tom told me that he wanted to talk.
Tom told me that he was doing fine.
Tom told me that he was doing that.
Tom told me that he was going home.
Tom told me that he was happy here.
Tom told me that he was having fun.
Tom told me that he was in a hurry.
Tom told me that he was very happy.
Tom told me that he was very upset.
Tom told me that he wasn't in pain.
Tom told me that he wasn't injured.
Tom told me that he wasn't married.
Tom told me that he wasn't nervous.
Tom told me that he wasn't so sure.
Tom told me that he wasn't thirsty.
Tom told me that he wasn't worried.
Tom told me that he won't marry me.
Tom told me that he'd also do that.
Tom told me that he'd call at 2:30.
Tom told me that he'd call me back.
Tom told me that he'd do that soon.
Sami was pretending to be another person.
Sami likes Layla's personality.
Sami wanted to get some attention.
Sami bought some pictures.
Layla was super pretty.
Layla was pretty.
Layla was very pretty.
Sami had a ton of pictures on MySpace.
Tom told me that he'd do that, too.
Tom told me that he'd go to Boston.
Tom told me that he'd like to help.
Tom told me that he'd look into it.
Tom told me that he'd love to help.
Tom told me that he'd talk to Mary.
Tom told me that he'd visit Boston.
Tom told me that he'd wait and see.
Tom told me that he could handle it.
Tom told me that he could help Mary.
Tom told me that he did that for us.
Tom told me that he didn't eat meat.
Tom told me that he didn't eat pork.
Tom told me that he didn't see Mary.
Tom told me that he found something.
Tom told me that he got there first.
Tom told me that he intended to win.
Tom told me that he knew how I felt.
Tom told me that he knew my brother.
Tom told me that he knew what to do.
Tom told me that he knows the rules.
Tom told me that he liked the movie.
Tom told me that he liked the party.
Tom told me that he never said that.
Tom told me that he owed Mary money.
Tom told me that he used to be rich.
Tom told me that he wanted a lawyer.
Tom told me that he wanted to leave.
Tom told me that he was feeling bad.
Tom told me that he was from Boston.
Tom told me that he was headed home.
Tom told me that he was over thirty.
Tom told me that he was pessimistic.
Tom told me that he was ready to go.
Tom told me that he was really busy.
Tom told me that he wasn't offended.
Tom told me that he wasn't prepared.
Tom told me that he wasn't ticklish.
Tom told me that he'd be ready soon.
Tom told me that he'd be right back.
Tom told me that he'd be right over.
Tom told me that he'd call tomorrow.
Tom told me that he'd do that again.
Tom told me that he'd do that later.
Tom told me that he'd fly to Boston.
Tom told me that he'd left his wife.
Tom told me that he'd never do that.
Tom told me that he'd vote for Mary.
Tom told me that he's never met you.
Tom told me that he appreciated that.
Tom told me that he ate way too much.
Tom told me that he couldn't breathe.
Tom told me that he couldn't do that.
Tom told me that he couldn't help me.
Tom told me that he did that already.
Tom told me that he did that for you.
Tom told me that he did that in 2013.
Tom told me that he didn't feel cold.
Tom told me that he didn't feel safe.
Tom told me that he didn't feel well.
Tom told me that he didn't kiss Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't know Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't like beer.
Tom told me that he didn't like cats.
Tom told me that he didn't like dogs.
Tom told me that he doesn't eat meat.
Tom told me that he doesn't eat pork.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the show.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the view.
Tom told me that he forgot something.
Tom told me that he had a job for me.
Tom told me that he had to stay home.
Tom told me that he had to walk home.
Tom told me that he had to work late.
Tom told me that he hasn't seen Mary.
Tom told me that he hated doing that.
Tom told me that he isn't sleepy yet.
Tom told me that he liked doing that.
Tom told me that he liked to do that.
Tom told me that he likes doing that.
Tom told me that he likes to do that.
Tom told me that he needed more time.
Tom told me that he needed some cash.
Tom told me that he needs to do that.
Tom told me that he ought to do that.
Tom told me that he plans to do that.
Tom told me that he saw Mary tonight.
Tom told me that he tried to do that.
Tom told me that he wanted me to win.
Tom told me that he wants to do that.
Tom told me that he was all worn out.
Tom told me that he was appreciative.
Tom told me that he was glad to help.
Tom told me that he was going to win.
Tom told me that he was still afraid.
Tom told me that he wasn't an expert.
Tom told me that he wasn't impressed.
Tom told me that he wasn't in Boston.
Tom told me that he wasn't surprised.
Tom told me that he'd be coming back.
Tom told me that he'd call you later.
Tom told me that he'd do that for us.
Tom told me that he'd help Mary, too.
Tom told me that he'd likely do that.
Sami catfished Farid.
Tom told me that he'd never leave me.
Tom told me that he'd rather go home.
Tom told me that he'd try doing that.
Tom told me that he'd try to do that.
Tom told me that he called the police.
Tom told me that he did nothing wrong.
Tom told me that he didn't have a car.
Tom told me that he doesn't know Mary.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the party.
Tom told me that he knew who did that.
Tom told me that he might not do that.
Tom told me that he needed more money.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he was feeling dizzy.
Tom told me that he was going to help.
Tom told me that he was really hungry.
Tom told me that he wasn't happy here.
Tom told me that he would sort it out.
Tom told me that he's getting married.
Tom told me that he's never done that.
Tom told me that he couldn't stay long.
Tom told me that he didn't like boxing.
Tom told me that he didn't want to win.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the picnic.
Tom told me that he found a job for me.
Tom told me that he likes Chinese food.
Tom told me that he preferred red wine.
Tom told me that he used to be married.
Tom told me that he was glad to see me.
Tom told me that he wasn't coming back.
Tom told me that he wasn't discouraged.
Tom told me that he wasn't embarrassed.
Tom told me that he wasn't ready to go.
Tom told me that he wasn't very hungry.
Tom told me that he would go to Boston.
Tom told me that he wouldn't stay long.
Tom told me that he'd be ready by 2:30.
Tom told me that he's leaving tomorrow.
Tom told me that he didn't like fishing.
Tom told me that he didn't need my help.
Tom told me that he didn't see anything.
Tom told me that he didn't speak French.
Tom told me that he didn't study French.
Tom told me that he didn't teach French.
Tom told me that he didn't want me here.
Tom told me that he enjoyed the concert.
Tom told me that he felt bad about that.
Tom told me that he had some work to do.
Tom told me that he knew how to do that.
Tom told me that he plans on doing that.
Tom told me that he saw you at the mall.
Tom told me that he saw you two kissing.
Tom told me that he thought he saw Mary.
Tom told me that he wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom told me that he wanted to meet Mary.
Tom told me that he wants to go with us.
Tom told me that he was home last night.
Tom told me that he was studying French.
Tom told me that he was teaching French.
Tom told me that he wasn't sick anymore.
Tom told me that he won't do that again.
Tom told me that he bought these for you.
Tom told me that he didn't like swimming.
Tom told me that he hasn't done that yet.
Tom told me that he lived on Park Street.
Tom told me that he thought he could win.
Tom told me that he thought he might win.
Tom told me that he wanted me to do that.
Tom told me that he was afraid of snakes.
Tom told me that he was going to the gym.
Tom told me that he was looking for Mary.
Tom told me that he'd be glad to help me.
Tom told me that he'd win, but he didn't.
Tom told me that he checked the oil level.
Tom told me that he couldn't speak French.
Tom told me that he didn't have an office.
Tom told me that he didn't have any money.
Tom told me that he didn't have insurance.
Tom told me that he didn't have much time.
Tom told me that he didn't like this book.
Tom told me that he had a right to see it.
Tom told me that he had skipped breakfast.
Tom told me that he knew where Mary lived.
Tom told me that he planned to rob a bank.
Tom told me that he probably wouldn't win.
Tom told me that he thought you could win.
Tom told me that he thought you were cute.
Tom told me that he was going to kill you.
Tom told me that he wasn't just a teacher.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning to go.
Tom told me that he would be here by 2:30.
Tom told me that he'd complain about that.
Tom told me that he'd eat lunch with Mary.
Tom told me that he'd forgotten something.
Tom told me that he'd never be late again.
Tom told me that he didn't have a passport.
Sami and Layla were in the same class.
Sami didn't really think anything of it.
Sami feels guilty.
Sami took this too far.
Sami took that too far.
Sami sent Layla some nudes.
Sami was taking it very far.
Sami was talking to multiple girls at once.
Sami and Layla went to middle school together.
Sami set up a catfish account.
Sami was staying out of it.
Sami is guilty, too.
Sami is gonna get caught.
Sami is going to get caught.
Sami is just jealous.
Sami kept his mouth shut.
Sami is gonna keep his mouth shut.
Sami promised he wouldn't tell anybody.
Sami was really fucked up.
Sami is going to keep his mouth shut.
Sami is my friend's ex-boyfriend.
Sami was talking to another girl.
Sami and Faridn were both talking to the same girl at the same time.
Sami was a thug.
Sami didn't tell anybody else.
Sami was loving that attention.
Sami texts Layla all the time.
Sami found out that Layla was in fact Farid.
Sami was using some of Layla's pictures.
Sami used Layla's picture of his fake profile on Facebook.
Sami knows this girl is Layla.
Sami contacted that girl.
Sami doesn't live here.
Sami never talked to Layla before.
Sami used this app to edit pictures.
Layla ended up being Sami's girlfriend.
Sami wasn't talking to anybody.
Sami wanted more attention.
Sami and Layla were sitting at lunch together.
Sami said he was good.
Sami was in the lunch line.
Sami saw Layla in the snack line.
Sami noticed that Layla was staring at Farid.
Sami was in the line.
Sami was trying to calm down Layla.
Sami stole off on Layla and punched her dead in the jaw.
Sami got up from his table so fast.
Sami called the school security.
Sami broke up the fight between Farid and Salim.
Sami was holding his mouth.
Sami was taken to the office.
Sami's parents were there.
Sami's dad was so pissed.
Sami didn't say anything wrong.
Sami shouldn't have told anyone about this.
Sami didn't deserve to get kicked out.
Sami fought a gay boy.
Tom told me that he needed to borrow three hundred dollars.
Tom told me that he found something that might interest me.
Tom told me that he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he needed to do that.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to be at school tomorrow.
Tom told me that he was going to help me with my homework.
Tom told me that he was going to be busy all day tomorrow.
Tom told me that he was different from all the other guys.
Tom told me that he thought he was going to die in prison.
Tom told me that he slept for only three hours last night.
Tom told me that he planned on waiting until Monday to go.
Tom told me that he needed to get something off his chest.
Tom told me that he doesn't know any other way to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't know why Mary did what she did.
Tom told me that he didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to be here tomorrow.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on staying very long.
Tom told me that he was interested in visiting Australia.
Tom told me that he was going to try to find another job.
Tom told me that he didn't have to be at today's meeting.
Tom told me that he didn't have enough money to buy that.
Tom told me that he didn't have any brothers and sisters.
Tom told me that he didn't actually want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he couldn't remember the teacher's name.
Tom told me that he wouldn't eat dinner with us tonight.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on joining the team.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on eating out today.
Tom told me that he wanted Mary to learn how to do that.
Tom told me that he walked through the woods by himself.
Tom told me that he thought it would be safe to do that.
Tom told me that he plans to go swimming this afternoon.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he had to do that.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he didn't know how to swim.
Tom told me that he wanted to live on a secluded beach.
Tom told me that he thought it would be fun to do that.
Tom told me that he thought he had a chance of winning.
Tom told me that he planned to wait until Monday to go.
Tom told me that he had studied French for three years.
Tom told me that he doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom told me that he didn't study French in high school.
Tom told me that he didn't really want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't have much money in the bank.
Tom told me that he didn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom told me that he didn't get enough sleep last night.
Tom told me that he asked Mary to the homecoming dance.
Tom told me that he wouldn't take up much of our time.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to help me today.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning to stay very long.
Tom told me that he was looking forward to doing that.
Tom told me that he wanted me to learn how to do that.
Tom told me that he thought it would be OK to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom told me that he didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom told me that he didn't take French in high school.
Tom told me that he didn't have as much money as Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't have any friends in Boston.
Tom told me that he couldn't wait to get out of there.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he couldn't speak French.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning to join the team.
Tom told me that he was planning to retire next year.
Tom told me that he was going to go home early today.
Tom told me that he has a few things to take care of.
Tom told me that he had an old computer I could have.
Tom told me that he had a few things to take care of.
Tom told me that he didn't have a dollar to his name.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he'd done that.
Tom told me that he'd walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be staying much longer.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he was thinking of going to Boston.
Tom told me that he usually eats breakfast at seven.
Tom told me that he knows who Mary's grandfather is.
Tom told me that he didn't actually want to do that.
Tom told me that he couldn't remember what happened.
Tom told me that he'd never tell anyone about that.
Tom told me that he was planning to move to Boston.
Tom told me that he was hoping to get into Harvard.
Tom told me that he was going to clean up his room.
Tom told me that he was doing some undercover work.
Tom told me that he wanted to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom told me that he wanted to learn how to do that.
Tom told me that he wanted to go mountain climbing.
Tom told me that he plans on staying at the Hilton.
Tom told me that he had nothing to look forward to.
Tom told me that he didn't sleep at all last night.
Tom told me that he didn't know anybody named Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't have a driver's license.
Tom told me that he already knew he had to do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be home this weekend.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom told me that he was just trying to be helpful.
Tom told me that he wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom told me that he thought I was wasting my time.
Tom told me that he doesn't want to work with you.
Tom told me that he didn't want to live in Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't know why Mary had left.
Tom told me that he didn't have very many friends.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he loved me.
Tom told me that he's still not fluent in French.
Tom told me that he's not going to do that again.
Tom told me that he'd wait until 2:30 to do that.
Tom told me that he'd do that if I did that, too.
Tom told me that he'd be glad to help me do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't get home until 2:30.
Tom told me that he won't be in Boston next week.
Tom told me that he wasn't sure he could do that.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that by himself.
Tom told me that he wanted me to stop doing that.
Tom told me that he wanted me to do that for him.
Tom told me that he thought this was a good idea.
Tom told me that he needed to buy some new tools.
Tom told me that he needed to buy a new computer.
Tom told me that he had to go back to the office.
Tom told me that he had the information I wanted.
Tom told me that he didn't like living in Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't know where Mary lived.
Tom told me that he and Mary had gotten divorced.
Tom told me that he already has plans for Monday.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he didn't know Mary.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that until 2:30.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that by himself.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me that he wasn't much older than Mary.
Tom told me that he wasn't going back to Boston.
Tom told me that he wasn't actually the manager.
Tom told me that he wasn't able to speak French.
Tom told me that he was sick, which wasn't true.
Tom told me that he was having trouble sleeping.
Tom told me that he was going to sell his house.
Tom told me that he was going to commit suicide.
Tom told me that he wanted to leave the company.
Tom told me that he thought he wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he thought he couldn't do that.
Tom told me that he sleeps with the window open.
Tom told me that he sells about 300 cars a year.
Tom told me that he plans to stay at the Hilton.
Tom told me that he needed to borrow some money.
Tom told me that he needed some time to himself.
Tom told me that he had information on your son.
Tom told me that he found something interesting.
Tom told me that he doesn't remember doing that.
Tom told me that he doesn't know Mary very well.
Tom told me that he didn't want to study French.
Tom told me that he didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't want to eat any more.
Tom told me that he didn't like speaking French.
Tom told me that he didn't have time to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't feel like doing that.
Tom told me that he couldn't do that by himself.
Tom told me that he wasn't very good at tennis.
Tom told me that he wasn't very good at French.
Tom told me that he wasn't prepared to do that.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom told me that he wasn't on the team anymore.
Tom told me that he was too sick to work today.
Tom told me that he wanted to quit the company.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that tomorrow.
Tom told me that he didn't remember doing that.
Tom told me that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't know Mary very well.
Tom told me that he'd wait until we got there.
Tom told me that he'd never seen one of these.
Tom told me that he was married to a Canadian.
Tom told me that he was going to try it again.
Tom told me that he was going to talk to Mary.
Tom told me that he was going to kill himself.
Tom told me that he was born in this hospital.
Tom told me that he waited for thirty minutes.
Tom told me that he showed his tattoo to Mary.
Tom told me that he saw somebody kissing Mary.
Tom told me that he probably wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that he plans on joining the team.
Tom told me that he had no time to read books.
Tom told me that he didn't like playing chess.
Tom told me that he didn't like green peppers.
Tom told me that he didn't feel like laughing.
Tom told me that he's never eaten horse meat.
Tom told me that he'd wait for us until 2:30.
Tom told me that he'd never done that before.
Tom told me that he'd do that, but he didn't.
Tom told me that he wouldn't help us do that.
Tom told me that he would be here about 2:30.
Tom told me that he wasn't planning on going.
Tom told me that he was good at water skiing.
Tom told me that he wanted to be a scientist.
Tom told me that he thought he might do that.
Tom told me that he plans on taking pictures.
Tom told me that he likes this kind of music.
Tom told me that he liked this kind of music.
Tom told me that he knew how to speak French.
Tom told me that he had never been to Boston.
Tom told me that he first met Mary in Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't want to tell Mary.
Tom told me that he didn't do anything wrong.
Tom told me that he couldn't help me do that.
Tom told me that he came from a large family.
Tom told me that he bought a house in Boston.
Tom told me that he'd just gotten a divorce.
Tom told me that he wouldn't eat until 2:30.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be coming back.
Tom told me that he wasn't ready to go home.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to help me.
Tom told me that he was tired of doing that.
Tom told me that he was finished doing that.
Tom told me that he was feeling a bit tired.
Tom told me that he wanted to eat Thai food.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that today.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that alone.
Tom told me that he thought he wouldn't win.
Tom told me that he thought he couldn't win.
Tom told me that he likes going to concerts.
Tom told me that he felt the same way I did.
Tom told me that he didn't have time to eat.
Tom told me that he didn't have any regrets.
Tom told me that he didn't have any enemies.
Tom told me that he didn't get enough sleep.
Tom told me that he didn't feel like eating.
Tom told me that he didn't care what we did.
Tom told me that he's never talked to Mary.
Tom told me that he's never been to Boston.
Tom told me that he'd try doing that again.
Tom told me that he'd like to come with us.
Tom told me that he'd do whatever it takes.
Tom told me that he wouldn't vote for Mary.
Tom told me that he would agree to do that.
Tom told me that he won't agree to do that.
Tom told me that he was sick of doing that.
Tom told me that he was really happy there.
Tom told me that he wanted to teach French.
Tom told me that he wanted to quit his job.
Tom told me that he wanted to learn French.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy a jacket.
Tom told me that he wanted to be a teacher.
Tom told me that he used to live in Boston.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could win.
Tom told me that he plans to take pictures.
Tom told me that he plans to join the team.
Tom told me that he might agree to do that.
Tom told me that he likes living in Boston.
Tom told me that he had trouble doing that.
Tom told me that he doesn't have much time.
Tom told me that he didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't like eating out.
Tom told me that he didn't like doing that.
Tom told me that he didn't know what to do.
Tom told me that he didn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't have much money.
Tom is pretty organized.
I'd love to do it again.
I'm very disappointed in Tom.
I'd rather be by myself.
Tom is pretty secretive.
I still don't agree with Tom.
I'm happy to be through.
Tom is pretty talkative.
I told Tom why I wasn't there.
I'm pretty disorganized.
Tom was obviously awake.
I'm starting a new life.
I told Tom why I'd left early.
I've made no commitment.
Tom was obviously blind.
It's pretty wet outside.
I understand why Tom did that.
I can't reach the remote.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's opinion.
Sami has been catfished.
Sami is obviously wrong.
Sami is wearing a beanie.
Sami should jump right into the story.
Sami was still in college at this time.
Sami lived in a one-bedroom apartment.
Sami really kept to himself.
Sami came home from class.
Sami said there was something wrong with Layla's car.
Sami called Layla racist names.
Sami looked like a ghost.
Sami asked Layla if she had jumper cables.
Sami got a new car.
Sami gave Layla a toolbox containing everything she needed to fix her car.
Sami was just looking at us.
Sami said that Layla was his sister.
Sami should definitely help Layla.
Sami asked Layla if she smoked weed.
Sami went upstairs to his house.
Sami worked two different jobs.
Sami was into entertainment.
Sami came home at six.
Sami saw Layla crying.
Sami's sister answered the door.
Sami saw Layla's sister.
Sami noticed that Layla was looking at Farid.
Sami and Layla had a physical altercation.
Sami and Layla came outside.
Sami doesn't want to hear about that.
Sami kept changing the subject.
Sami and Layla ended up fighting.
Sami cut it short.
Sami is alone right now.
Sami knew that Layla was going to smoke some weed.
Sami understood.
Sami can go chill with his friends.
Sami's room was completely empty.
Layla is Sami's older sister.
Sami's sister is around my mother's age.
Sami is embarrassed as fuck.
Sami is smoking weed in the bathroom.
Sami were out, chilling.
Sami and Layla were smoking.
Sami and Layla were smoking weed together.
Sami and Layla were chilling.
Sami was there for me.
Sami isn't going to judge Layla.
Sami helped me a lot.
Sami and Layla looked very close in age.
Sami was Egyptian but he dyed his hair blond.
Sami was also Egyptian.
Sami was very short.
Sami and Layla didn't look similar.
Sami and Layla still look similar.
Sami has siblings.
Sami and Layla were siblings.
Sami got so pissed.
Sami worked at Walmart.
Layla doesn't want to be around men.
Sami and Layla were just chilling in her house.
Sami was ranting.
Sami didn't reply to Layla's text.
Sami needs to mind his fucking business.
Sami was very flirtatious with Layla.
Sami didn't even notice that.
Sami is fine, too.
Sami considers this a problem.
Sami knew all that stuff.
Sami did this once.
Sami hasn't done anything yet.
Sami experimented with weed.
Sami was eating biscuits.
Sami wasn't at work.
Layla is my homeboy's sister.
Sami acting weird.
Sami was living in Layla's house.
Layla had a sugar daddy and he was paying her rent.
Sami evicted Layla.
Sami is originally from Egypt.
Sami illegally came to Canada.
Sami said that Layla was his girlfriend.
Sami wasn't being honest.
Sami and Layla weren't attracted to each other anymore.
Sami and Farid were both attracted to Layla.
Sami was being honest with me.
Sami and Layla were both there for me.
Tom was obviously bored.
I can't see any solution.
I've never done that with Tom.
I can't wait to find out.
Tom was obviously sorry.
I could be totally wrong.
I could use a good laugh.
I couldn't reach my cane.
I don't know what Tom believes.
I don't have any answers.
Tom is pretty articulate.
I don't regret any of it.
I told Tom what I wanted to do.
I don't think it's vital.
Sami spilled his whole story to Layla.
We lived in Boston for a long time.
Sami didn't smash either of the girls.
Sami was a really cool person.
Sami robbed one of my neighbors.
Sami ransacked Layla's house.
We lived in Boston a long time.
Sami was caught in a weird love triangle.
Sami and Layla were really nice people.
Sami needs to join.
Sami has a full-time job.
Sami is doing a new video.
Sami had two jobs at once.
Sami had a job and was in college.
Sami had a cleaning job.
Sami came regularly.
Mennad is cleaning up the house.
Sami found that hard.
Sami found that hard to do.
Sami is talking about Layla.
Sami is talking about his girlfriend.
Sami was being immature, too.
Sami's story focused especially on Layla.
Sami needed that job.
Sami needed a job at the time.
Sami was hiring new people.
Sami was only sixteen years old at the time.
Sami was earning six dollars an hour.
Sami wanted Layla to train Farid.
Sami's family isn't dirty.
Sami knows how to clean.
Sami doesn't need to teach Layla how to clean the house.
Sami got to Layla's house.
Sami had to drive his own car.
Sami and Layla took the same car.
Sami can't drive two cars at the same time.
Sami was sitting on the patio.
Sami is supposed to go to that house.
Sami and Layla cleaned up the house together.
Sami came in the house.
Sami bought some cleaning equipment.
Sami's house doesn't look dirty.
Sami and Layla were working.
Sami has some liquor in the freezer.
Sami ordered some pizza.
Sami was walking fast.
Sami is calling his manager.
Sami brought the suitcases upstairs.
Sami didn't need anything.
Sami removed the stain.
Sami scrubbed the stain.
Sami doesn't think it is going to work.
Sami was cleaning the house.
Sami's room needs to be spotless.
Sami moved into a new apartment.
Sami and Layla were in the apartment.
Sami walked around the living room.
Sami's kitchen was disgusting.
Sami broke the garbage disposal.
Sami's dishwasher had hair in it.
Sami put the rusty fork in the dishwasher.
Sami found hair in the dishwasher.
Sami's bedroom needed some dusting.
Sami's bedroom was pretty small.
Sami went to the master bedroom.
Sami was vacuuming the master bedroom.
Sami was pooping in the bathtub.
Sami's dog pooped in the kitchen.
Sami was making soup.
Sami's sink was yellow.
Sami was yelling at his computer.
Sami had his gloves on.
Sami already had his gloves on.
Sami is in the next bedroom.
Sami has two bathrooms.
Sami opened that door.
Sami opened the door to the bathroom.
Sami thought he was going crazy.
Sami has the dirtiest bathroom in the world.
Sami found hair in the drain of the bathtub.
Sami had no words to describe that.
Sami's bathroom is disgusting.
Sami filmed Layla's disgusting bathroom.
Sami hated bugs.
Sami was with two other people.
Sami stayed in that bathroom for an hour and a half.
Sami needs a bulldozer to clean this bathroom.
Sami quit that job.
Sami's toilet was brown.
Sami needs to flush the toilet.
Sami's house is dirty.
Sami's mom saw his tattoo.
Sami didn't want Layla to see his tattoos.
Sami doesn't want his mother to see his tattoo.
Sami won't let this happen.
Sami will not let this happen.
Sami is not sick.
Sami isn't sick.
Sami's nose is still red.
Sami was sick.
Sami looked sick.
Sami looked sad.
Sami looked sick and sad.
Sami isn't going to talk about it anymore.
Sami started posting videos on YouTube.
Sami liked to do this.
Sami loved doing this.
Sami got better.
Sami knows that Layla is from Cairo.
Sami skipped up a grade.
Sami wanted to get a tattoo.
Sami was younger than everybody there.
Sami wanted to do it, too.
Sami went there after school.
Sami was humble.
Sami wanted to go there.
Sami's family lived there.
Sami built a house.
Sami is an artist.
Sami is obviously an artist.
Sami is good with his hands.
Sami had a little studio in his house.
Sami is a Gemini like me.
Sami's girlfriend was there.
Sami's girlfriend really liked me, too.
Sami was totally sweet.
Sami was totally down-to-earth.
Sami needed to relax.
Sami keeps saying that.
Sami got scared of me.
Sami wanted a tattoo on his ankle.
Sami knows where ankle is.
Sami knows where his heel is.
Sami hates tattoos.
Sami knows more that Layla.
Sami wanted a new tattoo.
Sami is looking at it.
Sami wanted to steal that car.
Sami didn't mind it.
Sami doesn't wear pants.
Sami is not a tattoo artist.
Sami isn't a tattoo artist.
Layla wasted three hours doing her hair.
Sami hid the tattoo for years.
Sami saw Layla's car in the parking lot.
Sami was speed-walking.
Sami went directly to the shower.
Sami thought that his tattoo would rinse away.
Sami knows that tattoos are permanent.
Sami was showing off his tattoo.
Layla was looking cute.
Sami smacked Layla's wrist.
Sami saw Layla's tattoo.
Sami covered his tattoo.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom told me that he could swim well, but he really couldn't.
Tom told me that he didn't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
Tom told me that he doesn't care whether you like it or not.
Tom told me that he had never wanted to work for his father.
Tom told me that he had three hundred dollars in his wallet.
Tom told me that he planned to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy a new battery for his car.
Tom told me that he wanted to wait until October to do that.
Tom told me that he was going to ask you to be his best man.
Tom told me that he was planning to go to Boston in October.
Tom told me that he was planning to go to college in Boston.
Tom told me that he's been living in Boston for three years.
I can't remember where Tom told me that he hid the documents.
Tom told me that he doesn't care whether you like him or not.
Tom told me that he loved me and I told him I loved him, too.
Tom told me that he thought it would be dangerous to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wanted to do that.
Tom told me that he wanted me to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom told me that he was very surprised to see Mary doing that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that unless I did it with him.
I laughed when Tom told me that he was planning to get married.
Tom told me that he planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
Tom told me that he thought he was going to be able to do that.
Tom told me that he'd wait for us in front of the Hilton Hotel.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't need to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't have very much experience doing that.
Tom told me that he didn't know anyone who lived on Park Street.
Tom told me that he didn't know anybody who lived on Park Street.
Tom told me he didn't know anybody who lived on Park Street.
Tom told me that he didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom told me that he had a daughter he'd like to introduce me to.
Tom told me that he had a daughter that he'd like to introduce me to.
Tom told me he had a daughter that he'd like to introduce me to.
Tom told me that he thought it would be OK to eat these berries.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wanted me to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't want to wait until October to do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't go to Boston unless I went with him.
Tom told me that he was going to be on the road until next Monday.
Tom told me that he was going to the hospital to visit his father.
Tom told me that he was going to the hospital to visit Mary.
Tom told me he was going to the hospital to visit Mary.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't need to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't recognize Mary the last time he saw her.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be late, but he still hasn't shown up.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he wasn't going to do that.
Tom told me that he first met Mary in Boston when he was a teenager.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he was planning to get married.
Tom told me that he was planning to go on a cycling trip next summer.
Tom told me that he was not at all interested in what Mary had to say.
I was surprised when Tom told me that he'd spent three years in prison.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he planned to visit Mary the next time he went to Boston.
Tom told me that he checked out a book about Boston from the local library.
Tom told me that he didn't know why Mary didn't do what she should've done.
Tom told me that he was not at all interested in going to the museum with us.
Tom told me that he didn't know why Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Tom told me that he found an interesting book about Boston at the local library.
Tom told me that he found something in the garden that I might be interested in.
Tom told me that he got the tattoo on his right arm when he was living in Boston.
Tom told me that he was too tired to study tonight, so he just wanted to watch TV.
Layla wore ruffled socks.
Sami wanted to cover his tattoo.
Sami took off his socks.
Sami wore socks to cover his tattoo.
Sami came down from New York to see us.
Sami lives with us now.
Sami doesn't remember what he was doing.
Sami and Layla were drinking together.
Sami said that loud as fuck.
Sami asked Layla to let him see her tattoo.
Sami is about to die.
Sami just got quiet.
Sami let Layla see his tattoo.
Sami grabbed Layla's wrist.
Sami is going to sue Layla.
Sami wanted to sue the tattooe artist.
Sami is the friend of a friend.
Sami told Layla to stay in her room.
Sami ruined everything.
Sami is not dead.
Sami isn't dead.
Sami grounded his daughter.
Sami did not kill Layla.
Sami didn't agree with Layla.
Sami needs to slow down.
Sami got another tattoos.
Sami got six tattoos in a year.
Sami got six tattoos and a piercing.
Sami is not going to stop Layla.
Sami isn't going to stop Layla.
Sami is posting the video on Saturday.
Sami is subscribed.
Layla didn't do her eyeliner.
Sami is wearing a white shirt.
Sami was picked on when he was in middle school.
Sami was picked on when he was younger.
Sami said that the South is still racist.
Sami still lives here.
Aart is racist.
Sami said that Layla was too dark.
Aart is still racist.
Aart is a racist.
Aart was racist.
Sami missed a call.
Sami missed the call.
Sami missed a call from Layla.
Sami had six classes within a day.
Sami was my best friend for a long time.
Sami was so bad in middle school.
Sami and Layla had a class together.
Sami and Layla were seniors in high school.
Sami and Layla had that class together.
Sami and Layla always sit next to each other.
Sami left the classroom.
Sami stood up on his chair.
Sami stood up on the desk.
Sami was picked on for being feminine.
Sami was picked on for being black.
Sami is being picked on for being Muslim.
Sami was picked on for being Arab.
Sami raised his hand.
Sami was violent.
Sami is my new friend.
Aart is very racist.
Sami was bullying black kids.
Sami noticed that Layla was bullying Hispanic girls.
Sami doesn't like Layla because she is ginger.
Sami wants to beat Farid's ass.
Layla grabbed Salima by the hair and started beating her ass.
Sami got jealous.
Layla beat the girl's ass.
Sami was talking about it.
Sami didn't want to talk about the fight.
Sami overheard us say that.
Sami is cool with Layla.
Sami was scared of Farid.
Sami was fighting a black boy.
Sami is from Canada and doesn't speak Arabic.
Sami was going to fight a sixth grader.
Sami followed the crowd.
Sami had a taser.
Sami got tased.
Sami thought that everybody was scared of him.
Sami did the right thing.
Sami is doing the right thing.
Sami can't fight Farid.
Sami was trying to terrorize Layla.
Sami saw a mass of people.
Sami is walking towards me.
Sami is the guy who beat Farid's ass.
Sami came up next to me.
Sami was talking shit about Layla.
Sami begged Farid to not fight him.
Sami isn't an easy target.
Sami didn't stand up for himself.
Sami said he wanted to beat Farid's ass.
Sami asked Layla to kill him.
Sami didn't have to fight Farid.
Sami was power-hungry.
Sami got mad at one of his teachers.
Sami wanted to fight one of his teachers.
Sami wants to fight the teacher.
Sami wanted to fight the gym teacher.
Sami is a martial artist.
Sami bullied a boy he had no business bullying.
Sami is very shy.
Sami was very laid-back.
Sami is winning.
Sami ran out to the hallway.
Sami grabbed Layla by the face.
Sami was fighting the gym teacher.
Sami was beating Farid's ass.
Sami's reign was over.
Sami is currently in jail for armed burglary.
Sami is only a year older than me.
Sami is the only bully I have ever had in my life.
Rima is a student.
He was kind of cute.
Tom is easily provoked.
Mary is easily provoked.
Tom was afraid that Mary wouldn't notice him.
Tom was afraid that Mary wouldn't believe him.
Tom was afraid Mary would shoot him.
Tom was afraid Mary would say no.
Tom was afraid that Mary was going to die.
Tom was afraid Mary might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
Tom was afraid Mary might change her mind.
Tom is afraid Mary might eat his lunch if he leaves it on his desk.
Tom is afraid Mary might do that.
I'm afraid that Tom's not going to recover.
I'm afraid that Tom isn't going to recover.
I'm afraid Tom isn't going to recover.
I'm afraid that Tom won't let me go.
I'm afraid that Tom won't be able to come.
I'm afraid that Tom will tell everyone all our secrets.
I'm afraid that Tom will show up and ruin my party.
I'm afraid that Tom will say no.
I'm afraid that Tom will lose.
I'm afraid that Tom will kill me.
I'm afraid that Tom will get lost.
I'm afraid that Tom will be arrested.
I'm afraid that Tom might not like this.
I'm afraid that Tom might not do what he's supposed to do.
I'm afraid that Tom might do that.
I'm afraid that Tom might agree to do that.
I'm afraid that Tom may have lost his way.
I'm afraid that Tom may have gotten lost.
I'm afraid Tom may have done that.
I'm afraid that Tom isn't here.
I'm afraid that Tom is going to spill the beans.
I'm afraid that Tom is dead.
I'm afraid that Tom is busy at the moment.
I'm afraid that Tom had to leave.
I'm afraid that Tom doesn't want to talk to you.
I'm afraid Tom can't do that.
I'm afraid that Tom can't do it.
I'm afraid that Tom and Mary won't get along very well.
I was afraid that Tom wouldn't understand.
I was afraid that Tom might not do what he was supposed to do.
I was afraid that Tom might get hurt.
I was afraid that Tom might do that.
You're afraid I'm right, aren't you?
Tom is afraid I'll get lost.
My mother was afraid that I'd get dirty.
My mother was afraid I'd get dirty.
If I sit down, I'm afraid that I wouldn't want to get up.
I'm afraid that I've set a bad example.
I'm afraid that I've run short of coffee.
I'm afraid that I've offended you.
I'm afraid that I've got bad news.
I'm afraid that I've eaten too much.
I'm afraid that I'm on the wrong train.
I'm afraid that I'm not who you think I am.
I'm afraid that I'm not very good company.
I'm afraid that I'm not much of a musician.
I'm afraid that I'm not much of a cook.
I'm afraid that I'm not familiar with that expression.
I'm afraid that I'm not at liberty to do that.
I'm afraid that I'm imposing on your hospitality.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to teach you a lesson.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to ask you to leave now.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to ask you some questions.
I'm afraid that I'm coming down with a cold.
I'm afraid that I'm a bit out of shape.
I'm afraid that I'll never see Tom again.
I'm afraid that I'll never get married.
I'm afraid that I'll have to call it a day.
I'm afraid that I'll have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid that I'll get lost.
I'm afraid that I'll be stuck in this place forever.
I'm afraid that I'll be stuck in Boston for the rest of my life.
I'm afraid I'll be stuck in Boston for the rest of my life.
I'm afraid that I'll be stuck here forever.
I'm afraid I'll be stuck here forever.
I'm afraid that I'll be a burden to you.
I'm afraid that I wouldn't be very good company.
I'm afraid that I won't have the time.
I'm afraid that I won't get there on time.
I'm afraid that I won't be going.
I'm afraid that I won't be able to have lunch with you today.
I'm afraid that I won't be able to have lunch with Tom today.
I'm afraid that I won't be able to do that.
I'm afraid that I was right.
I'm afraid that I took your umbrella by mistake.
I'm afraid that I took the wrong train.
I'm afraid that I still don't understand.
I'm afraid that I spilled coffee on the tablecloth.
I'm afraid that I owe you an apology.
I'm afraid that I need to ask you a few questions.
I'm afraid that I must say goodbye.
I'm afraid that I must be going now.
I'm afraid I must be going now.
I'm afraid that I might say something stupid.
I'm afraid I might make you angry.
I'm afraid I might be late.
I'm afraid that I may not be able to help you tomorrow.
I'm afraid that I may hurt you.
I'm afraid that I may hurt Tom.
I'm afraid that I have work to do.
I'm afraid that I have to turn you down.
I'm afraid that I have to refuse.
I'm afraid that I have to go now.
I'm afraid that I have to ask you to leave.
I'm afraid that I have to agree with Tom's analysis.
I'm afraid that I have some very bad news.
I'm afraid that I have some rather bad news.
I'm afraid that I have some bad news.
I'm afraid that I have some bad news for you.
I'm afraid that I have other plans.
I'm afraid that I have no experience.
I'm afraid that I have no choice.
I'm afraid that I have internal bleeding.
I'm afraid that I have bad news.
I'm afraid that I have an upset stomach.
I'm afraid that I have a touch of a cold.
I'm afraid that I have a prior engagement.
I'm afraid I failed terribly.
I'm afraid that I don't understand.
I'm afraid that I don't understand what you're saying.
I'm afraid that I don't understand that.
I'm afraid that I don't share your enthusiasm.
I'm afraid that I don't know.
I'm afraid that I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm afraid that I don't know what you mean.
I'm afraid that I don't have one.
I'm afraid that I don't have enough money on me at this time.
I'm afraid that I don't have a choice.
I'm afraid that I don't follow.
I'm afraid that I don't agree with you.
I'm afraid that I dislocated my right arm.
I'm afraid that I disagree.
I'm afraid that I differ with you on this point.
I'm afraid that I didn't explain it too well.
I'm afraid that I caught a cold.
I'm afraid that I can't.
I'm afraid that I can't tell you that.
I'm afraid that I can't talk about that.
I'm afraid that I can't save you this time.
I'm afraid that I can't make it at that time.
I'm afraid that I can't let you leave.
I'm afraid that I can't let you drive.
I'm afraid that I can't let you do that.
I'm afraid that I can't help you.
I'm afraid that I can't help you now.
I'm afraid that I can't help you do that.
I'm afraid that I can't finish them in time.
I'm afraid that I can't come on Monday.
I'm afraid that I can't authorize that.
I'm afraid that I can't allow you to do that.
I'm afraid that I can't allow that.
I'm afraid that I can't afford to buy a new car.
I'm afraid that I can't accept your invitation.
I'm afraid that I ate too much.
I'm afraid that I ate something bad.
I'm afraid I ate something bad.
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid that I can't help you.
I was afraid that I'd never see you again.
I was afraid that I'd lose you.
I was afraid that I'd be late.
I was afraid that I was going to lose you.
I was afraid that I might not be able to do it correctly.
I was afraid I might make a mistake.
I was afraid that I might lose my job.
I was afraid that I might get mugged.
I was afraid I might get mugged.
I was afraid I might get injured.
I was afraid that I might get fired.
I was afraid I might get fired.
I was afraid that I might get expelled.
I was afraid I might get expelled.
I was afraid that I might get arrested.
I was afraid I might get arrested.
I was afraid that I might fall asleep while driving.
I was afraid I might drop the vase.
I was afraid that I might chicken out.
I was afraid I might be too tired to help.
I was afraid I might be recognized.
I was afraid that I might be mugged.
I was afraid I might be mugged.
I was afraid I might be late for the bus.
I was afraid I might be killed.
I was afraid that I might be fired.
I was afraid I might be fired.
I was afraid that I might be expelled.
I was afraid I might be expelled.
I was afraid that I might be arrested.
I was afraid I might be arrested.
I guess I was afraid that I was losing Tom.
I was beginning to think you'd never come back.
I was beginning to think that you'd never come back.
You're just afraid that you'll have to kiss Tom.
Tom was afraid that you'd say no.
I'm afraid that your request for a pay raise was turned down again.
I'm afraid that your plan won't work.
I'm afraid that you've run out of options.
I'm afraid that you've misunderstood this.
The cat that you found is mine.
The cat you found is mine.
I'm afraid that you've misunderstood me.
I'm afraid you've misunderstood me.
Please consider it.
Is Tom Mary's son?
I think that Tom is Mary's son.
I think Tom is Mary's son.
Do you know who Tom's mother is?
Do you know both of Tom's brothers?
Do you know all three of Tom's sisters?
Mary checked her makeup.
Mary quickly checked her makeup.
Mary quickly checked her hair and her makeup.
Mary quickly checked her hair and her makeup in the mirror.
Tom quickly checked his face in the mirror.
Tom checked his face in the mirror.
Mary finished putting on her makeup.
Tom is a lot of fun at parties.
Tom is a shrinking violet.
Tom is a bit of a shrinking violet.
Mary is a bit of a shrinking violet.
Mary was hardly a shrinking violet.
Mary is obviously not a shrinking violet.
Mary is a natural blonde.
Why do you keep provoking him?
Why do you keep provoking her?
Why do you keep provoking Tom?
I'm afraid that you've been working too hard.
I'm afraid that you've arrived in Boston at a most unfortunate time.
I'm afraid that you're wrong.
I'm afraid that you're wasting your time.
I'm afraid that you're too late.
I'm afraid that you're right.
I'm afraid that you're mistaken.
I'm afraid that you're in the wrong seat.
I'm afraid you're in the wrong seat.
I'm afraid you're in danger.
I'm afraid that you're going to hurt Tom.
I'm afraid that you're going to have to release Tom.
I'm afraid that you're going to have to do this without any help.
I'm afraid that you'll have to learn to live with the pain.
I'm afraid that you'll have to go in person.
I'm afraid that you must be mistaken.
I'm afraid that you misunderstood me.
I'm afraid that you have to work overtime.
I'm afraid that you have the wrong number.
I'm afraid that you don't have any choice.
I'm afraid you didn't understand me correctly. I don't want to be alone with you. I just want to be alone.
I'm afraid that you can't.
I'm afraid that you can't marry Tom.
I'm afraid you can't marry Tom.
I'm afraid that you can't go there.
I'm afraid that you can't do that.
I was afraid that you'd say that.
I was afraid that you'd ask that.
I was afraid that you wouldn't understand.
I was afraid that you wouldn't remember me.
I was afraid that you were going to say that.
I was afraid you'd failed.
I should've said something before, but I was afraid that you'd get angry.
I began to be afraid that you would never come back again.
Aren't you afraid that you'll get hurt?
Are you afraid you won't win?
We're afraid that we'll miss our train.
We were afraid that we wouldn't get there on time.
We were afraid we wouldn't get there on time.
We were afraid we might hurt his feelings.
We were afraid we might hurt him.
I'm afraid that we've got quite a problem here.
I'm afraid that we've fallen a bit behind in our work.
I'm afraid that we're wasting our time.
I'm afraid that we're stuck here.
I'm afraid that we're out of time.
I'm afraid that we're going to be late for school.
I'm afraid that we'll lose the game.
I'm afraid that we'll have to start over again.
I'm afraid that we'll get nowhere doing it this way.
I'm afraid that we won't be able to help you tomorrow.
I'm afraid that we weren't able to do that.
I'm afraid that we need to get going if we want to get home before dark.
I'm afraid we need to get going if we want to get home before dark.
I'm afraid that we have some bad news for you.
I'm afraid that we have only one choice left.
I'm afraid that we have no choice.
I'm afraid that we have a problem.
I'm afraid that we have a bit of a problem.
I'm afraid we have a bit of a problem.
I'm afraid that we have a big problem.
I'm afraid we have a big problem.
I'm afraid that we don't have the time.
I'm afraid that we don't have any left.
I'm afraid that we can't stay here.
I'm afraid that we can't make up for lost ground.
I'm afraid that we can't help you.
I'm afraid that we can't go on Monday.
I'm afraid that we can't do anything.
I'm afraid that we are out of stock.
Tom denied Mary was the one who wanted him to do that.
Tom denied Mary was the one who told him to do that.
Tom denied Mary was the one who persuaded him to do that.
Tom denied Mary was the one who asked him to do that.
Tom has denied he did that.
Tom denied he was the thief.
Tom denied he was the one who'd killed the prison guard.
Tom denied that he was the one who'd killed the prison guard.
Tom denied he was the one who told the police about what Mary had done.
Tom denied that he was the one who told the police about what Mary had done.
Tom denied he was the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom denied he was the one who had done that.
Tom denied he was the one who asked Mary to do that.
Tom denied that he was involved in the murder.
Tom denied he told Mary to do that.
Tom denied he told Mary that.
Tom denied he left early.
Tom denied he laughed.
Tom denied he knew Mary.
Tom denied he knew anything about the bank robbery.
Tom denied that he knew anything about the bank robbery.
Tom denied he killed Mary.
Tom denied he had stolen the money.
Tom denied he had stolen anything.
Tom denied he had ever met Mary.
Tom denied he had done what he was accused of doing.
Tom denied he had been involved in the affair.
Tom denied that he had anything to do with the theft.
Tom denied he had accepted the bribe.
Tom denied he fell asleep during class.
Tom denied he despised Mary.
Tom denied he cried.
Tom denied he agreed to do that.
The man denied he took the money.
I denied I was the one who told Tom about that.
I denied that I was the one who told Tom about that.
I denied I was the one who had stolen Tom's bicycle.
I denied that I was the one who had stolen Tom's bicycle.
Tom denied he'd stolen the money.
Tom denied that he'd stolen the money.
Tom denied he said that.
Tom denied that he said that.
Tom denied he'd talked to Mary about that.
Tom denied that he'd talked to Mary about that.
Tom denied he met Mary last week.
Tom denied that he met Mary last week.
You can't deny Tom is charming.
Tom vehemently denied he'd done that.
Tom vehemently denied that he'd done that.
Tom has repeatedly denied he was the one who did that.
Tom has repeatedly denied that he was the one who did that.
Tom didn't deny he was the one who did that.
Tom is pretty headstrong.
I have contact lenses on.
I told Tom what Mary had to do.
I like this one the most.
I often read comic books.
I told Tom what Mary should do.
I usually keep to myself.
Tom sent a video to Mary.
I want to join your band.
Tom is no shrinking violet.
Mary is no shrinking violet.
Tom is poetic and romantic.
He sounds almost proud of that.
Tom sounds almost proud of that.
Tom sounded almost proud of that.
You sound almost proud of that.
Mary checked her makeup in the mirror.
That's an unfinished novel.
I found a suspicious man.
I have read about it somewhere.
The map was very old and it was torn here and there.
I take a car.
I take a bicycle.
I'm going to go to Sao Paulo next week.
I take a bus.
Would you like to drink a glass of grape juice?
Buy some milk on your way home.
Pick up some milk on your way home.
Tom and Mary are both newspaper reporters.
Both Tom and Mary are newspaper reporters.
I told Tom where Mary was born.
Tom was obviously afraid.
I want to try to do that.
I told Tom who Mary was dating.
Exhausted with fatigue, I crashed like a log on my bed.
Please enjoy your trip.
Sami was Fardi's best friend.
Sami got Layla a job at Walmart.
Sami gives people advice.
Sami gave students advice.
Sami was tired of Layla doing that.
Sami watched some of Layla's oldest YouTube videos.
Sami and Layla ended up falling out.
Sami found Layla a job.
Sami is a gay guy, obviously.
Sami wants money but he doesn't want to work.
Sami wants money but he doesn't want to go to work.
Sami is a very good worker.
Sami was saving up.
Sami should come to work at Walmart with me.
Sami will certainly be hired.
Sami and Layla chilled together.
Sami and Layla eat lunch together.
Sami had a friend named Farid.
Sami worked there for six months.
Sami couldn't get out of that situation.
Sami doesn't want to be surrounded by people like that.
Sami is still hanging out with Layla.
Sami was messy.
Sami didn't want to be associated with someone like that.
Sami was still not comprehending what was going on.
Sami heard Layla talking shit about him.
Sami was done fighting.
Sami needs to finish this shit.
Sami is going to tell this to Layla.
Sami wasn't coming to work.
Sami was high as fuck.
Sami was smelling of alcohol.
Sami clocked in for the day, then left.
Sami forgot to clock in.
Sami doesn't understand why his paycheck is so short.
Sami put Layla's name as a reference in his resume.
Sami is going to fire Layla.
Sami kept not showing up.
Sami was living on his own because his parents had kicked him out.
Sami is just not good with money.
Sami was helping Layla.
Sami tried to move in with Layla.
Sami went out partying.
Sami could have done it.
Sami needs to keep this job.
Sami is just going to find a new job.
Sami is just gonna find a new job.
Sami has got a two-bedroom apartment.
Sami was riding with a friend in a car.
Sami smoked.
Sami would never put in any money for anything.
Sami had his own apartment.
Sami and Layla knew each other from childhood.
Sami was going to lose that job.
Sami wanted to know what happened after that.
Sami will know what happened afterwards.
Sami will know.
Sami made me not like him even more.
Sami heard thunder.
Sami hates hurricane season.
Sami made his videos a bit longer.
Sami has been there.
Sami went on a date.
Sami shouldn't click on that link.
Sami came out of the shower.
Sami and Layla went on a date.
Sami was hanging out at Layla's house.
Sami and Layla never went anywhere.
Sami bought Layla a car.
Sami worked very close to me.
Sami and Layla both had cars.
Sami and Layla are going to a restaurant.
Sami and Layla were in a relationship.
Sami wanted to see a fight.
Sami worked at the fair.
Sami likes me.
Sami needs a ride.
Mennad was going to drop us off at Layla's house.
Sami took the bus.
Sami needs to have a car.
Sami lives in a city where he needs to have a car.
Sami was on that bus.
Sami was a hobo.
Sami caught a ride.
Sami didn't like his daughter's ex at all.
Sami didn't like his daughter's boyfriend at all.
Sami went on his first date in 2006.
Sami looked at the bus schedules.
Sami rides the bus all the time.
Layla wasn't that type of bitch.
Layla loved that dude.
Sami got on the bus.
Layla looked cute.
Sami and Layla paid a dollar each.
Sami was sleeping on the bus.
Sami slept on the bus.
Sami went to the book fair.
Sami visited the book fair.
Sami went to the fair.
Sami has to walk.
Sami was dropped off at the far.
Sami didn't want to do his job.
Sami probably walked five or six blocks.
Sami had a bike.
Sami was homeless.
Sami gave Layla a dollar.
Sami was standing in a line.
Sami was arguing with someone.
Sami got to the front of the line and bought a ticket.
Sami walked through the mud.
Sami wanted to get on that ride.
Sami isn't paying for that.
Sami wanted to get on the rollercoaster.
Sami and Layla went out.
Sami took the whole check.
Sami was looking for his first job.
Sami took Layla out on a date.
Sami paid for the ride.
Sami isn't getting on any ride.
Sami just stayed here and watched.
Sami paid for his bus ticket.
Sami was walking around.
Sami has got no money.
Sami and Layla were fighting each other.
Sami was throwing up.
Sami is at the fair with his girlfriend.
Sami and Layla got on the Ferris wheel and they kissed.
Sami and Layla kissed on the Ferris wheel.
Sami was eating a sandwich at a food stand.
I wanted to do something.
Tom was obviously amused.
I was a teenager in 2013.
I told Tom why Mary left early.
I was very well prepared.
Tom was obviously asleep.
I write things in pencil.
I'm not counting on Tom's help.
Tom was obviously lonely.
Yesterday, Tom told me he'd never been to Boston.
Tom told me he's never been to a funeral.
Tom told me he'd give me that book if I wanted it.
Tom told me he'd changed his plans.
Tom told me he'd be here early today.
Tom told me he would rather not go.
Tom told me he would like to visit us in Boston.
Tom told me he would like to go to the zoo with us tomorrow.
Tom told me he would like to buy a new bicycle.
Tom told me he would do it tomorrow.
Tom told me he would be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he was sure that that was going to happen.
Tom told me that he was sure that that was going to happen.
Tom told me he thought this book was interesting.
Tom told me he thought Mary was discontented.
Tom told me he thought that you could probably do that.
Tom told me he thought that you could do that.
Tom told me he thought that this book was interesting.
Tom told me he thought that the dress that Mary was wearing was too short.
Tom told me he thought that he might be able do that.
Tom told me he thought that my speech was interesting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary wouldn't eat dessert.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be worried.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be upset.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be terrified.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be surprised.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be scared.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be reasonable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be ready by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be punctual.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be jealous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be interested.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be impartial.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be here later.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be furious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be curious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be confused.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be busy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be at home.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be angry.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be alone.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was wise.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was uninsured.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was unfazed by that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was tough.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was thrilled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was thirty.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was terrific.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was tense.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was slow.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sincere.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was sick.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was shy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was short.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was puzzled.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was optimistic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was obnoxious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was nosy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was miserable.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was lucky.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was irritated.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was insincere.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was good at cooking.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was furious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was exhausted.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was engaged to John.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was displeased.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was discontented.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was courteous.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was conscientious.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was certain.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was bossy.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was bilingual.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was being truthful.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was back from Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was agnostic.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was a talented songwriter.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was a good cook.
Tom told me he thought that Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary knew French.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had studied French with John.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had left.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had done that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been unfair.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been rude.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been impressed.
Tom told me he thought that Mary had been hurt.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me he thought that Mary didn't know how to speak French.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could swim.
Tom told me he thought that Mary could probably do that.
Tom told me he thought that it would snow all day.
Tom told me he thought that it would rain all day.
Tom told me he thought that I should lose some weight.
Tom told me he thought that I should go on a diet.
Tom told me he thought that I might be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought that I looked drunk.
Tom told me he thought that his house was haunted.
Tom told me he thought that he'd win tomorrow.
Tom told me he thought that he was losing his sight.
Tom told me he thought that he might be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought that he had the flu.
Tom told me he thought that he could do that.
Tom told me he thought that Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom told me he thought that Boston was a safe city.
Tom told me that he thought that you could probably do that.
Tom told me that he thought that you could do that.
Tom told me that he thought that this book was interesting.
Tom told me that he thought that the dress that Mary was wearing was too short.
Tom told me that he thought that my speech was interesting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary wouldn't eat dessert.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be worried.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be upset.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be terrified.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be surprised.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be scared.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be reasonable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be ready by the time we got there.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be punctual.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be jealous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be interested.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be impartial.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be here later.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be furious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be curious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be confused.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be busy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be at home.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be angry.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be alone.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was wise.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was uninsured.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was unfazed by that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was tough.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was thrilled.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was thirty.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was terrific.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was tense.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was slow.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sincere.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sick.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was shy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was short.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was puzzled.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was optimistic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was obnoxious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was nosy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was miserable.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was lucky.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was irritated.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was insincere.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was good at cooking.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was furious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was exhausted.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was engaged to John.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was displeased.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was discontented.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was courteous.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was conscientious.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was certain.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was bossy.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was bilingual.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was being truthful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was back from Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was agnostic.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was a talented songwriter.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was a good cook.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary knew French.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had studied French with John.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had left.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had done that.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been unfair.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been rude.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been impressed.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary had been hurt.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't know how to speak French.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could swim.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary could probably do that.
Tom told me that he thought that it would snow all day.
Tom told me that he thought that it would rain all day.
Tom told me that he thought that I should lose some weight.
Tom told me that he thought that I should go on a diet.
Tom told me that he thought that I might be interested in doing that.
Tom told me that he thought that I looked drunk.
Tom told me that he thought that his house was haunted.
Tom told me that he thought that he'd win tomorrow.
Tom told me that he thought that he was losing his sight.
Tom told me that he thought that he might be able to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that he had the flu.
Tom told me that he thought that he could do that.
Tom told me that he thought that Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom told me that he thought that Boston was a safe city.
Tom told me that he thinks that Mary is much prettier than Alice.
Tom told me that he thinks that Mary is cute.
Tom told me that he thinks that he's going to die soon.
Tom told me that he thinks that he'll win tomorrow.
Tom told me that he thinks that he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me he thinks that Mary is much prettier than Alice.
Tom told me he thinks that Mary is cute.
Tom told me he thinks that he's going to die soon.
Tom told me he thinks that he'll win tomorrow.
Tom told me he thinks that he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me he never thought that he'd be able to walk again.
Tom told me that he never thought that he'd be able to walk again.
Tom told me he just needed a shoulder to cry on.
Tom told me he has just done that.
Tom told me he has decided not to eat any more junk food.
Tom told me he had not gone shopping with Mary.
Tom told me he had lost his textbook.
Tom told me he had bigger fish to fry.
Tom told me he had been skydiving since he was sixteen.
Tom told me he didn't remember Mary's last name.
Tom told me he didn't like spinach.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he'd spent his summer vacation in Boston.
I cried when Tom told me he and Mary were getting divorced.
Sami bought a funnel cake.
Sami and Layla split the funnel cake.
Sami couldn't get on any ride.
Sami couldn't get on the rides.
Sami didn't want to get on any rides.
Sami hates all the rides of that amusement park.
Sami is wearing a dress.
Sami was wearing sneakers.
Sami was cold.
Sami wore more clothes than me.
Sami was sitting at the bus stop, waiting.
Sami doesn't have a jacket to give to Layla.
Sami didn't want to argue with Layla.
Sami was waiting for the bus.
Sami and Layla got on the bus.
Sami and Layla were on the bus.
Sami had to ride the bus.
Sami and Layla had a romantic Ferris wheel moment.
Sami and Layla smoked weed on the Ferris wheel.
Sami was smoking weed on the bus.
Sami knew that Layla smoked weed.
Sami is not going to like everything I'm talking about.
Sami isn't going to like everything I'm talking about.
Sami stood up and looked back.
Sami rode the bus to the end of the line.
Sami got off the bus at the last stop.
Sami got off the bus at the end of the bus.
It must be an administrative error.
Believe it'll be the best for both of us.
Where did you find this key?
Tom told me he was going to the hospital to visit his grandmother.
Tom told me that he was going to the hospital to visit his grandmother.
Mary told me that she thought that Tom was handsome.
You told me Tom was handsome and he really is.
You told me that Tom was handsome and he really is.
Tom's wife told me that he wasn't at home.
Tom told me Mary was very beautiful, but I didn't think she'd be that beautiful.
Tom told me that Mary was very beautiful, but I didn't think she'd be that beautiful.
Tom told me Mary was sick.
Tom told me that Mary was sick.
Tom told me Mary was in jail.
Tom told me that Mary was in jail.
Tom told me Mary has left Boston.
Tom told me that Mary has left Boston.
Tom told me he'd bought a car.
Tom told me that he'd bought a car.
Tom told me he'd be here at about 2:30.
Tom told me that he'd be here at about 2:30.
Tom told me he was in a lot of trouble.
Tom told me that he was in a lot of trouble.
Tom told me he came all the way from Boston just to visit Mary.
Tom told me that he came all the way from Boston just to visit Mary.
Tom never told me he had a dog.
Tom never told me that he had a dog.
Mary's husband told me that she wasn't at home.
Mary told me that she was pregnant.
Mary told me she wanted Tom to buy her a necklace.
Mary told me she wanted Tom to buy a necklace for her.
Mary told me she thought Tom was handsome.
Mary told me she thought that Tom was handsome.
Mary told me she didn't love her husband anymore.
Mary never told me that she had a boyfriend.
Just this morning, my wife told me she was pregnant.
Just this morning, my wife told me that she was pregnant.
Tom's mother hugged him and she told him that she loved him.
Tom wished Mary had told him she wasn't going to the party.
Tom was very sad when Mary told him she wanted nothing more to do with him.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary told him that she was leaving him.
Tom wanted to help, but Mary told him that she didn't need his help.
Tom wanted Mary to do that, but she told him that she wouldn't do it.
Tom told Mary he was sad.
Tom told Mary that he was sad.
Tom told Mary he was leaving.
Tom told Mary he met John in Boston last week.
Tom told Mary that he met John in Boston last week.
Tom told Mary he loved Alice.
Tom told Mary that he loved Alice.
Tom told Mary he didn't love her.
Tom told Mary he believed in astrology.
Tom told Mary that he believed in astrology.
Tom swore that Mary told him that she'd done that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she wanted to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she needed to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she had to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she didn't want to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she didn't need to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him that she didn't have to do that.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she told him that she needed.
Tom felt terrible when Mary told him that she was fond of him but didn't love him.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she wanted to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she needed to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she had to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she didn't need to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him that she didn't have to do that.
Tom wished that Mary had told him she wasn't going to the party.
Tom swore Mary told him she'd done that.
Tom swore Mary told him that she'd done that.
I've told you all that I can.
This time, it'll be different.
This is a good time of year to visit Boston.
Has the problem been solved yet?
Have all the bills been paid?
Have you already checked the tires?
Has Tom been here today?
Has the problem already been solved?
When Mary told her parents she wanted to marry Tom, they said they wouldn't attend the wedding.
Tom wants Mary to take the medication that the doctor told her to take.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John told her to do.
Tom called Mary and told her that he'd be late.
I know that you came to Boston in October.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she shouldn't do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she shouldn't do what John told her to do.
Tom has already solved that problem.
Has Tom solved that problem yet?
Have you solved that problem yet?
Can you think of any good solution to this problem?
What do you think the solution to the problem is?
Tom called his wife and told her that he'd be late for dinner.
Someone told Tom the truth.
Somebody told Tom the truth.
Tom was livid when he found out Mary had told John where he'd hidden the money.
Tom was livid when he found out that Mary had told John where he'd hidden the money.
It is time you told Tom the truth.
I told Tom I wouldn't go shopping with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go shopping with him.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't do that with him.
Tom was lying to Mary when he told her he'd been in Boston.
Tom was lying to Mary when he told her that he'd been in Boston.
Tom hopes Mary that knows that she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
The doctor told Tom he should rest.
The doctor told Tom that he should rest.
Tom told Mary you'd finished the work three days before.
Tom told Mary that you'd finished the work three days before.
Tom told Mary you'd finished the work three days ago.
Tom told Mary that you'd finished the work three days ago.
Tom told Mary he'd finished the work three days before.
Tom told Mary that he'd finished the work three days before.
Tom told Mary he had written the poem just for her.
Tom told Mary that he had written the poem just for her.
Tom hugged Mary and told her he loved her.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she needs to do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she needs to do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she needs to do everything John told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she needs to do everything John told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she has do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she has do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows she has do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes that Mary knows that she has do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she shouldn't do anything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do what John has told her to do.
Tom hopes Mary knows that she has do everything John has told her to do.
I told Tom he was right.
I told Tom that he was right.
Sami was taking too many pills.
Sami couldn't take the pain.
Sami called the suicide prevention hotline.
Sami recommended Layla to utilize those online resources.
Sami was watching this video.
Sami wanted to know more about it.
Sami didn't have a blanket.
Sami asked the cops to take him home.
Sami was past his curfew.
Sami called somebody to come and pick us up.
Sami needed to be there.
Sami needs to be there.
Sami can't call his mom.
Sami was already at work.
Sami didn't have any friends with cars at the time.
Sami had lots of friends with cars.
Sami asked Layla to come and pick him up.
Sami assured Layla that somebody would come and pick her up.
Sami walked until six in the morning.
Sami was on the sidewalk.
Sami was hit by a car and he died.
Sami and Layla were hugging each other.
Sami looked so miserable.
Sami died with Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to die together.
Sami and Layla died together.
Sami sat on the sidewalk.
Sami was sitting on the sidewalk.
Sami could die.
Sami was so pissed.
Sami was just so pissed.
Sami and Layla were hugging each other to preserve their body heat.
Sami was kicked out of his parents' house.
Sami is a drug addict.
Sami was supposedly Farid's best friend.
Sami got in the back seat and Layla in the front.
Sami was looking at the floor.
Sami looks so miserable.
Sami won't sleep with Layla anymore.
Sami knows that Layla loves his stories.
Sami loves sharing his stories.
Sami doesn't like any of these stories.
Sami was going through his e-mails.
Sami was torn between his best friend and his girlfriend.
Sami's YouTube videos aren't sponsored.
Sami's YouTube channel was shut down.
Sami got his YouTube channel shut down.
Sami wanted to tell the story.
Layla was a bisexual woman.
Sami sympathizes with transgender people.
Sami empathizes with transgender people.
Sami sympathizes more with trans people now.
Sami was discriminated against.
Sami is in the LGBT community.
Sami was shunned because he was bisexual.
Sami got shunned because he was in the LGBT community.
Layla also likes men.
Sami is a heterosexual.
Sami is a straight man.
Sami met trans people for the first time when he was in Canada.
Sami was still in high school.
Sami didn't know any trans people.
Sami was openly gay.
Sami said that he was transitioning.
Sami had a friend who was transitioning.
Sami got more surgeries.
Sami needed more surgeries to transition.
Sami wasn't in contact with trans people.
Sami and Layla partied together.
Sami wants to drink with us.
Layla is a lesbian.
Sami knows some transgender people.
Sami hung out with some transgender people.
Sami met a transgender couple.
Sami thought Layla was straight.
Sami married a bisexual woman.
Layla was a tall model.
Layla was really protective of her man.
Layla was heavyset.
Sami and Layla were both heavyset.
Sami kept his distance from transgender people.
Sami kept his distance from the transgender couple.
Sami wanted to keep his distance from the lesbian couple.
Sami was a drinker back then.
Sami needed to be careful.
Sami was older than us.
Sami took his double shot.
Sami used to ask very rude questions to trans people.
Sami had full facial hair.
Sami knows guys like this.
Sami thinks Layla must be transgender.
Sami told Layla that he was transgender.
Sami showed Layla the bandages.
Sami has never come in contact with a transgender person.
Sami didn't want Layla to feel uncomfortable.
Sami wanted to make Layla feel less nervous.
Sami has some bandages on.
Sami felt happier.
Sami is very unfriendly to trans people.
Sami is transgender, too.
Sami didn't know that he was dating a transgender woman.
Sami was shocked the learn the truth.
Sami is very friendly to LGBT people.
Sami never put words in Layla's mouth.
Sami was a lot more confrontational than Layla.
Sami said he loved Layla.
Sami and Layla were both drunk.
Sami told Layla everything she needed to know about transgender people.
Sami was just listening.
Sami was so ignorant back then.
Sami was born with both genitals.
Sami didn't know what LGBT meant.
Sami was just in the dark.
Sami was getting so drunk.
Sami found this so inappropriate.
Sami has sex with girls.
Sami is straight and has sex with women.
Sami is literally starving.
Sami has never been in an environment like that.
Sami and Layla are both drunk.
Sami was so fat.
Sami felt that way, too.
Sami is telling me everything.
Sami ended up taking six double shots.
Sami was talking about his transition.
Sami told Layla about how his parents reacted to his coming-out.
Sami was rubbing Layla's back.
Sami told Layla about how his parents reacted to his transition.
Sami sat Layla on the toilet.
Sami gave Layla a cup of water.
Sami wanted to smoke a blunt.
Sami doesn't need a blunt. He rather needs to go to the doctor's.
Sami gave Layla a blunt.
Sami was smoking a blunt on the balcony.
Sami isn't leaving tonight.
Sami was caressing Layla's hair.
Sami was trying to kiss Layla.
Sami and Layla shared everything.
Sami saw this shit.
The police found ten kilograms of marijuana hidden in his luggage.
The police found ten kilos of marijuana hidden in his luggage.
He who does not say a word consents.
She drew water from the well.
Let him lead his life as he pleases.
If you knew how much I hate you!
If you knew how much I love you!
If you knew how tired I am!
When he came out of work, he took his afternoon snack.
A bunch of grapes can weigh up to two kilograms.
He was riddled with several bullets.
The future will only be good.
Last year, he read a lot of books.
I want to marry her, but I can not decide.
He opened his book to read.
 How are you ?  - " Things are going well. "
I tell you that I am married!
You will never love me as I love you.
She had never taken the subway.
I find it very dangerous and think it's a bad idea.
You had your share.
Sami drank a double shot.
Sami was so infatuated with the experience.
Sami was being super stand-offish.
Sami was getting very stand-offish.
One day the truth will come.
Sami was trying to be super careful.
Sami didn't offend anybody.
Sami didn't want to piss Layla off.
Sami didn't want to piss anybody off.
Sami was super sweet.
Sami doesn't know what that whisky is called.
The hunter can not exist without the prey.
Sami was telling me everything I needed to know.
Sami knew nothing about trans people.
Sami is so ignorant.
Sami was a drag queen.
Sami doesn't know anything about the LGBT community.
Sami was getting really drunk.
Sami knows that this is so inappropriate.
Sami asked Layla how she had sex with girls.
Sami wanted to know how Layla had sex with girls.
Sami felt so accepted around those people.
Layla is not around lesbians.
Sami was telling Layla everything.
Sami doesn't remember how he got home.
Sami is talking about his transition.
Sami was vomiting on the balcony.
Sami was behind me, rubbing my back.
Sami was holding a lukewarm towel.
Sami washed Layla's face.
Sami didn't feel normal.
Sami didn't need to do this.
Sami was accused of raping a child.
Sami never saw trans people again.
Sami became more open to trans people.
Sami understands what's actually going on.
Sami has been through a hard transition.
Sami has been through a difficult transition.
Sami isn't accepted in the LGBT community.
Sami said that was just a coincidence.
Sami finds this kind of weird.
Sami is kind of busy now.
Sami ate some chicken and French fries.
Sami likes Layla's video.
Sami bought his first apartment in 2006.
Sami didn't know that Layla had all those feelings for him.
Sami wants to move in with Layla.
Sami named his dog "Rocky."
Sami and Layla didn't pay any rent together.
Sami needed some money.
Sami got frozen meals.
Sami bought frozen meals.
Sami ate frozen meals.
Sami was broke as fuck.
Sami lived for six years in his first apartment.
Sami sold it.
Sami sold all types of stuff.
Sami moved in in 2006.
Sami brought his own car to take the fridge.
Sami doesn't have muscles. He can't do this.
Sami stole the camera from Walmart.
Sami is an experienced bank robber.
Sami isn't going to jail for sixty dollars.
Sami doesn't want to go to jail for robbing purses. He wants to rob a bank.
Sami taught everything to Layla.
Sami stole the poster from a movie theater.
Sami didn't want to buy it.
Sami's car was in perfect condition.
Sami only used the hairdryer once.
Sami swore never to do this again.
Sami won't be doing this again.
Sami got angry about it.
Sami was fucking with me.
Sami isn't going to answer any questions.
Sami wanted to call his lawyer.
Sami isn't posting any pictures on his Instagram.
Sami got really sensitive about that.
Sami got a message.
Sami got a message from someone named Layla Bakir.
Sami doesn't have a common name.
Sami's name isn't common.
Sami got a message and it was from someone named Layla Bakir.
Sami's heart went to his ass.
Sami was playing a joke on me.
Sami was playing a sick joke on Layla.
Sami is still selling that phone.
Sami had a black Ford Focus.
Sami wanted to buy Layla's car.
Sami might have another Facebook account.
Sami doesn't have sixty bucks.
Sami sold the phone for sixty dollars.
Sami is high as fuck.
Layla was a very smart girl.
Sami looks like fifteen, sixteen.
Sami was in Layla's car.
Sami didn't live that far.
Sami drove to Layla's house.
Sami was looking real sketchy.
Sami thought it was a trap.
Sami wanted to rephrase the sentence.
Sami shot back.
Sami started shooting and Layla shot back.
Sami is linked to Layla.
Sami took justice into his own hands.
Sami assumed that Layla did something wrong.
Sami decided to take justice into his own hands.
Sami was on drugs at the time.
Sami was paranoid as fuck.
Sami wanted to dispose of the evidence.
Sami was a pale guy with black hair.
Sami came inside.
Sami is coming in there with me.
Sami doesn't know what Layla looks like.
Sami asked Layla to send him her picture.
Sami is just looking at us.
Sami's house is a total mess.
Sami's house was disgusting.
Sami will give you the money.
Sami is doing everything.
Sami wanted Layla to come to his house.
Sami was still on edge.
Sami's room was disgusting.
Sami found trash in Layla's room.
Sami has never seen anything like that in his whole life.
Sami is really depressed.
Sami's room stank.
Sami's room smelt.
Sami gave Layla sixty dollars.
Sami only used this lamp one time.
Sami came out of the other room.
Sami felt shitty for judging Layla.
Sami lost his girlfriend.
Sami was grieving.
Sami's girlfriend died a month ago, too.
Sami's name isn't very common.
Sami's girlfriend's name was Layla.
Sami finds this really hard to understand.
Sami brought Layla over there.
Sami took Layla over there.
Sami would text Layla from time to time.
Sami was so depressed.
Sami was thinking too deep into it.
Sami missed his children so much.
Layla's skin was glistening.
Layla did her hair.
Sami's glasses were smoggy.
Sami can't even see.
Sami's glasses are always dirty.
Sami watched all the videos.
Sami watched all those movies.
Sami read all those books.
Sami subscribed to all of Layla's YouTube channels.
Sami got a really nasty customer.
Sami had the nerve to try to talk to Layla again.
Sami was friends with someone named Farid Bakir.
Sami named everyone "Farid."
Sami is still watching Layla's videos.
Sami is too old to be watching this kind of program.
Sami wasn't looking for trouble.
Sami felt rejected.
Sami has the same name as Layla's boyfriend.
Layla considers Sami as a big brother.
Sami and Layla are not like that.
Sami and Layla aren't like that.
Sami didn't smoke weed.
Sami and Layla got really close.
Sami and Layla grew up really different.
Sami and Layla hang out a lot.
Sami assumed that Layla and Farid were a couple.
Sami was very mature.
Sami never gave Layla a hug.
Sami always gets hugs.
Sami was one of those people.
Sami wanted Layla to come to his desk and help him.
Sami is always asking for super petty shit.
Sami has the same name as my boyfriend.
Sami assumed that Layla was talking about Farid.
Sami got more overtime.
Sami was taking advantage of it.
Sami would only be there for six hours.
Sami and Layla had the same schedule.
Sami didn't really remember.
Sami clocked in at six and clocked out at noon.
Sami clocked in at six and left at noon.
Sami left without clocking out.
Sami came at six but forgot to clock in.
Sami had made his mind from the get-go.
Sami was coaching Layla.
Sami didn't want any drama.
Sami left work and went home.
Sami was saying nasty shit about Layla.
Sami and Layla are chatting.
Sami is getting harassed.
Sami walked over to Layla's desk.
Sami is calling Layla.
Sami hit on Layla a few times.
Layla likes girls.
Sami got all his shit together and he left.
Sami is going to stay later.
Sami had a regular schedule.
Sami worked a later shift.
Sami wasn't there in the morning.
Sami and Layla were late.
Sami has no secrets.
Sami said he was an open book.
Sami wants to stay here.
Sami wanted Layla but she didn't want him back.
Sami said something about Layla.
Sami stinks.
Sami came to our room.
Sami came in a little bit late.
Sami always comes in a little bit late.
Sami always came in late.
Layla is a girl and you're not.
Sami walked up to my desk.
Sami was talking shit about Layla in her face.
Sami is ignoring Layla.
Sami made Layla mad.
Sami doesn't remember what Layla said.
Sami assumed that Layla and me were together.
Sami and Layla are leaving.
Sami automatically remembered that.
Sami was talking shit.
Sami scurried back to his desk.
Sami was still ignoring Layla.
Sami gave Layla a cold look.
Sami asked for some help.
Sami called Layla to ask her to help him.
Sami didn't have a good reputation.
Sami never got hired permanently.
Sami actually liked Layla.
Sami was already fired at the time.
Sami doesn't like that girl too much.
Sami told Layla it was a trap.
Sami found out Farid was gay.
Sami and Layla are fucking.
Sami took part in an LGBT orgy.
Sami is a conservative person.
Sami comes from a conservative family.
Sami's family is conservative.
Sami's video is so long.
Sami was invovled in the scandal.
Sami wanted to take part in an orgy.
Sami was puking nonstop.
Sami is watching this video right now.
Sami was dressed really casual.
Sami went on Google.
Sami threw up in Layla's car.
Layla threw up in her boyfriend's car.
Layla's hair is already done.
Layla doesn't have time to redo her hair.
Layla wanted to do her hair.
Sami told Layla not to click on that button.
Sami and I are dating.
Sami and Layla both smoke weed.
Sami smokes weed, too.
Sami used to smoke weed.
Sami really doesn't remember.
Sami lived in his own place.
Sami fell short of money.
Sami was smoking weed at the time.
Sami sold those books to other people.
Sami donated the old books to a retirement house.
Sami bought weed from Layla.
Sami hid the weed in his car.
Sami drove all the way over there.
Sami came into the car.
Sami had some oil.
Sami doesn't know what this drug is call.
Sami was smoking with me.
Sami could do anything.
Sami wanted to be polite.
Sami was being polite.
Sami doesn't think that he could do it.
Layla was hanging with dudes.
Sami hated peer pressure.
Sami pushed the bottom again.
Sami felt sick.
Sami didn't want to puke.
Sami didn't want to throw up there.
Sami wanted to be safe.
Sami works all the time.
Layla was on birth control.
Sami felt nauseaous.
Sami was feeling sick before he even got there.
Sami was feeling crazy.
Sami said it was just his opinion.
Sami said that weed was not very addictive.
Sami wanted to use the bathroom.
Sami wants some food.
Sami bought Layla some food.
Sami was pretty fucked up.
Sami puked in Layla's bathroom.
Sami just slumped in his seat.
Sami wants to throw up.
Sami wanted to puke.
Sami can't go into the store.
Sami called them.
Sami drove.
Sami's food was ready.
Sami drove for fifteen minutes.
Sami had to walk in there by himself.
Sami ordered and waited.
Sami felt crazy.
Sami was on the highway.
Sami was driving on the highway.
Sami started puking.
Sami is going to throw up.
Sami's car is locked.
Sami is throwing up.
Sami's car smelt of vomit.
Sami threw up three times.
Sami puked six times that night.
Sami felt so fucking sick.
Sami threw up on his chest.
Sami can't even call Layla.
Sami was surprised that Layla was still with him.
Sami was still dizzy.
Sami didn't feel good at all.
Sami blocked the door.
Sami was driving his car.
Sami opened the car door and started throwing up.
Sami felt much better after he threw up.
Sami couldn't unlock the door.
Sami threw up on Layla's seat.
Sami couldn't lock the door from the passenger door.
Sami isn't even drinking.
Sami threw up again and it was a lot.
Sami couldn't stop throwing up.
Sami is so disrespectful.
Sami was throwing up everywhere and it was so disgusting.
Sami got to his apartment.
Sami got himself cleaned up.
Sami brushed his teeth.
Sami brushed his hair.
Sami took a shower.
Sami can't do it by himself.
Sami got his car cleaned up.
Sami threw up after he took that drug.
Sami was crying while he was throwing up.
Layla was Sami's baby-mama.
Layla was Sami's baby-mama and they had six children together.
Sami is already here.
Sami felt that it wasn't fair.
Sami wanted to make some things clear.
Layla had multiple partners.
Sami sent me the story.
Sami was sleeping with a whole bunch of girls.
Sami was smashing many girls.
Sami was smashing multiple girls at the same time.
Sami didn't know how old Layla was.
Sami doesn't know how old he is.
Sami was a bad friend to Layla.
Sami doesn't even know his own age.
Sami doesn't remember his age.
Sami doesn't even remember his age.
Layla has multiple partners.
Sami isn't even really sure.
Sami is not even really sure.
Aart was singing a racist song.
Sami's YouTube channel became popular.
Sami is telling the stories in chronological order.
Sami watched Layal's YouTube series videos in order.
Sami only made six dollars an hour.
Sami makes more money.
Sami got hired permanently.
Sami worked for that department.
Sami adored the social media department where he worked.
Sami was blogging.
Sami was working in the social media department.
Sami is just waiting.
Sami had a better chance of getting recruited at Walmart.
Sami felt that Layla would go a good job.
Sami wants to see what will happen.
Sami took a test.
Sami's test was super easy.
Sami knows how to use social media very well.
Sami wanted Layla on his team.
Sami really wanted Layla on his team.
Sami aced the test.
Sami found the test super easy.
Sami found the test easy.
Sami found the test hard.
Sami worked with old people.
Sami thinks his wife is cheating on him.
Sami knew he was going to pass that test.
Sami is a writer.
Sami was getting ready to move to a new building.
Sami warmed up to me.
Sami was always mean.
Sami is the most easy-going person to talk to.
Sami warmed up to Layla and she warmed up to him, too.
Sami and Layla warmed up to each other.
Sami was doing great in the social media department.
Sami was always trying Layla.
Sami knew that I was going to quit.
Sami would always piss Layla off.
Sami looked very good for his age.
Layla was a white lady.
Layla's body looked very nice.
Layla was so pretty.
Sami and his friends are dicks.
Sami isn't learning anything.
Sami isn't learning much.
Sami isn't learning anything there.
Sami knew Layla and Farid were related.
Sami started looking around.
Sami and Layla were talking shit.
Sami didn't know who there were.
Sami was yelling at his cousin.
Sami was on the phone with a customer.
Sami talks shit all the time.
Sami and Farid were fighting and nobody was trying to break it up.
Sami is punching Layla in the face.
Sami's supervisor came.
Sami got fired that day.
Sami needs to hire new teachers.
Sami saw a fight in school.
Sami and Layla are having an awsome weekend.
Sami deleted the video immediately.
Sami was watching porn videos.
Sami isn't proud of it.
Sami was not proud of it.
Sami wasn't proud of it.
Sami was working for this company.
Sami didn't need any help from anybody.
Sami was doing a very good job.
Sami is hiring servers.
Sami was hiring at the time.
Sami is still hiring.
Sami did a good job.
Sami called customer service.
Sami needs to change his address.
Sami can't change his address.
Sami changed his address.
Sami was an exception.
Sami went to the post office.
Sami should finish the job.
Sami made the job simple.
Sami has many customers.
Sami can't do anything for you.
Sami can do it for Layla.
Sami was fucking dumb.
Sami changed the address.
Sami couldn't do anything for Layla.
Sami is sitting next to me.
Sami noticed those spots.
Sami doesn't know why Layla did that.
Sami was sitting right next to me.
Sami was naturally confronational.
Sami knew the calls were recorded.
Sami was glancing at me from the corner of his eye.
Sami snapped on me.
Sami doesn't even know what he is doing.
Sami was on the phone with a girl.
Sami is nasty to Layla.
Sami just knew.
Sami could do it.
Sami saw what was going on.
Sami has nobody to talk to.
Sami has been here for a few weeks.
Sami wanted it.
Sami didn't deserve this.
Sami has been there longer than Layla.
Sami is just trying to help Layla.
Sami has a good memory.
Sami's name was on the list.
Sami told the boss what was going on.
Sami kept his cool.
Sami is so incompetent.
Sami was really sorry to hear that.
Sami was right in front of Layla.
Sami still works at Walmart to this day.
Sami gave Layla the cold shoulder.
Sami is intimidating Layla.
Sami got a higher position within the department he was in.
Sami has been working here for like six years now.
Sami thinks Layla is really cool.
Sami rode a camel.
Sami showed Layla how to ride a camel.
Sami has many camels.
Sami made the camel stop.
Sami stopped his camel.
Sami has a huge camel.
Sami made the camel sit down.
Sami named his camel "Farid."
Sami wanted to ride a camel.
Sami is looking for his camel.
Sami was bitten by a camel.
Sami took pictures of his camel.
Sami took his camel to a well.
Sami teaches people how to ride camels.
Sami got on the camel.
Sami got off the camel.
Sami's camel is huge.
Sami put his foot in the stirrup.
Sami was showing tourists how to ride a camel.
Sami fell off his camel.
Sami saddled his camel.
Sami's camel is gorgeous.
Sami demonstrated to the tourists how to saddle a camel.
Sami rides camels, donkeys, and horses.
Sami sells camels in Cairo.
Sami's camels are quite experienced.
Sami felt more secure.
Sami's camel was chewing his cud.
Sami enjoyed the company of his camel.
Sami is a camel handler.
Sami thinks that camels are amazing animals.
Sami was brushing his camel.
Sami looked after his camel.
Sami placed the rug on the camel's back.
Sami's camel was afraid of Farid.
Sami killed his camel.
Sami cycled around the world.
Sami really couldn't say no.
Sami fought with the SAS in Iraq.
Sami was building a car in his garage.
One, two, three, go!
How come your fingerprints are on this glass?
Sometimes politics is really hard to avoid.
Do you consider me your brother?
You consider me your brother.
I spend all my free time reading.
We have arrived!
My father doesn't have a car.
If it's like that, it's easy.
Everyone is afraid.
Shut up otherwise they will hear us.
I'm glad you like my apartment.
I'm glad you like our house.
Tom did most of the decorating.
Mary did most of the decorating.
My girlfriend did most of the decorating.
I didn't even know you had a girlfriend.
I didn't even know you had a boyfriend.
The walls were decorated with African masks.
I want to know why you lied.
I want to know why you lied to me.
Plants hung from the ceiling.
Tom has a spider plant.
I've done this a hundred times.
Don't worry. I've done this a thousand times.
Are you guys going to be okay?
Are you going to be okay?
Tom was marooned on a deserted island.
Tom was marooned on an uninhabited island.
Tom was marooned on an island in the middle of nowhere.
Tom was marooned on an island in the middle of the Pacific ocean.
Tom was marooned on a tiny island.
Tom was marooned on a desert island.
Tom was marooned on an island.
I plan to go to Canada next year.
Alexander Selkirk was marooned on a Pacific island for four years.
Robinson Crusoe was marooned on a desert island.
Tom and I were good friends.
Mary and I were good friends.
We don't have time to argue.
Welcome to my humble abode.
You've been talking to me for so long, don't you know my name?!
No matter whether it is cold or hot, when she goes out, she always brings a scarf.
Tom was stranded on a desert island.
Tom and Mary were stranded on a desert island.
Tom and Mary are stranded on a desert island.
Tom and Mary are castaways.
Tom and Mary became stranded on a deserted island.
Tom was lost at sea.
Would you want to be stranded on a deserted island with him?
Would you want to be stranded on a deserted island with her?
This is so strange.
This is so awesome.
Mary stood with her hands on her hips.
Mary didn't look happy.
She didn't look happy.
This is a captivating story.
I loved this book.
She's watching us.
He's watching us.
Somebody could be watching us.
No one is watching us.
God is always watching over us.
No one was watching us.
Tom made sure that no one was watching.
My chest hurts a bit, so I am not going to eat.
It's a little bland.
Tom is not easily offended.
Are you enjoying the view?
Did you enjoy the view?
To drink together is to become sworn brothers.
We can't be sure Tom will do that.
We can't be sure that Tom will do that.
I want to make sure Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make sure that Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make sure that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I'm sure I didn't say that.
I'm sure that I didn't say that.
I'm not sure Tom likes that.
I'm not sure that Tom likes that.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be at the meeting.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will be at the meeting.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will do that.
I'm pretty sure I can do that.
I'm pretty sure that I can do that.
I'm pretty sure that'll happen.
I'm pretty sure that that'll happen.
I was almost sure you'd say something like that.
I was almost sure that you'd say something like that.
Are you sure it was Tom who told Mary that?
Are you sure that it was Tom who told Mary that?
The fact Tom didn't do that can't be denied.
The fact Tom did that can't be denied.
The fact that Tom did that can't be denied.
Tom has repeatedly denied he did that.
Tom has repeatedly denied that he did that.
Tom has denied he cheated.
Tom has denied that he cheated.
Tom denied that that was the case.
Tom denied he stole the money.
Tom denied that he stole the money.
Tom adamantly denied he had anything to do with the robbery.
Tom adamantly denied that he had anything to do with the robbery.
Tom never denied he did that.
Tom never denied he was the one who did that.
Tom didn't deny he was the one who stole Mary's necklace.
Tom didn't deny that he was the one who stole Mary's necklace.
Tom denies he was the one who did that.
Tom denies he paid ransom money.
Tom denies he lied.
Tom denies he left early.
Tom denies he did that.
Tom denies he did that on purpose.
Tom denies he cried.
Tom denies he broke the window.
Tom denies he agreed to do that.
There's no denying that Tom is clever.
There's no denying that Tom is a good swimmer.
There's no point in denying that happened.
There's no point in denying that that happened.
Don't bother denying you did that.
Don't bother denying that you did that.
There's a possibility it'll snow tomorrow.
There is a possibility it will snow tonight.
I just want you to consider the possibility that you're wrong.
I think there's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't do that.
I think there's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom will do that.
I think that there's a possibility that Tom is going to do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't do that.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't do that.
I think there's a possibility Tom won't be there.
I think that there's a possibility Tom won't be there.
I think there's a possibility Tom will do that.
I think that there's a possibility Tom will do that.
Do you believe there's a possibility that Tom will do that?
Do you believe there's a possibility Tom will do that?
Do you believe that there's a possibility Tom will do that?
Tom knew there was a possibility that Mary would show up late.
Tom knew that there was a possibility that Mary would show up late.
Tom knew there was a possibility that Mary would do that.
Tom knew that there was a possibility that Mary would do that.
Tom knew there was a possibility that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom knew that there was a possibility that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom knew there was a possibility Mary would show up late.
Tom knew that there was a possibility Mary would show up late.
Tom knew there was a possibility Mary would do that.
Tom knew that there was a possibility Mary would do that.
Tom knew there was a possibility Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom knew that there was a possibility Mary wouldn't do that.
There's a possibility you'll have to do that.
There's a possibility that you'll have to do that.
There's a possibility you'll need to do that.
There's a possibility that you'll need to do that.
Is there still a possibility that'll happen?
Is there still a possibility that that'll happen?
Maybe Tom should consider the possibility Mary has left him for good.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility Mary had killed herself.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility Mary didn't like him.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility he might be laid off from work.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility he was going to get drafted.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility he was mistaken.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to even consider the possibility he's wrong.
We can't rule out the possibility Tom was the one who stole Mary's pearl necklace.
We can't rule out the possibility that Tom was the one who stole Mary's pearl necklace.
We can't rule out the possibility Tom was murdered.
We can't rule out the possibility that Tom was murdered.
We can't rule out the possibility Tom committed suicide.
We can't rule out the possibility that Tom committed suicide.
We can't rule out the possibility it was an accident.
I think there's a possibility Tom is going to do that.
I wonder if there's any possibility Tom will do that.
I wonder if there's really any possibility Tom will do that.
I wonder whether or not there's any possibility Tom will do that.
I wonder whether there's any possibility Tom will do that.
I wonder whether there's really any possibility Tom will do that.
The possibility Tom might be doing that worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might get lost worried Mary.
The possibility that Tom might get lost worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might get injured worried Mary.
The possibility that Tom might get injured worried Mary.
The possibility Tom might do that worried Mary.
There's a possibility Tom is out on the porch reading a book.
There's a possibility that Tom is out on the porch reading a book.
There's a possibility Tom is at Mary's.
There's a possibility that Tom is at Mary's.
There's a possibility Tom is in Boston.
There's a possibility that Tom is in Boston.
There's a possibility Tom is with his friends, but I don't think he is.
There's a possibility Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility that Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility Tom will be busy all day tomorrow.
There's a possibility that Tom will be busy all day tomorrow.
There's a possibility Tom isn't as happy as he seems.
There's a possibility that Tom isn't as happy as he seems.
There's a possibility Tom isn't going to be there.
There's a possibility that Tom isn't going to be there.
There's a possibility Tom wasn't the one who did that.
There's a possibility that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't go to Australia with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility that Tom won't go to Boston with us.
There's a possibility Tom won't be there.
There's a possibility that Tom won't be there.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to do that.
There's a possibility that Tom won't want to do that.
There's a possibility Tom will be late.
There's a possibility Tom will be there.
There's a possibility Tom will use my bicycle.
We have to consider the possibility Tom may not want to do that.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom may not want to do that.
We have to consider the possibility Tom may have to do that.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom may have to do that.
We have to consider the possibility Tom was involved in the robbery.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility there's another explanation.
I want you to consider the possibility Tom is right.
I want you to consider the possibility that Tom is right.
I just want you to consider the possibility you're wrong.
Is there any possibility Tom will need to do that?
Is there any possibility that Tom will need to do that?
Is there any possibility Tom will be early?
Is there any possibility that Tom will be early?
Is there any possibility Tom will help us?
Is there any possibility that Tom will help us?
Is there any possibility Tom will want to do that with us?
Is there any possibility that Tom will want to do that with us?
Is there any possibility Tom will be there?
Is there any possibility that Tom will be there?
Is there any possibility Tom will do that?
Is there any possibility that Tom will do that?
Is there any possibility Tom will win the election?
Is there any possibility that Tom will win the election?
The possibility the explosion was caused by carelessness can't be ruled out.
There's a possibility I might be in Australia next month.
There's a possibility that I might be in Australia next month.
There's a possibility I might go to Australia next spring.
There's a possibility that I might go to Australia next spring.
There's a possibility I might be in Boston next year.
There's a possibility that I might be in Boston next year.
There's a possibility I might go to Boston next year.
There's a possibility that I might go to Boston next year.
There is a possibility we won't have to shut down the factory.
There's little possibility that'll happen.
There's little possibility that that'll happen.
There's a possibility I'll get injured.
There's a possibility that I'll get injured.
There's a possibility I'll be killed.
There's a possibility Tom got lost.
There's a possibility that Tom got lost.
There's a possibility I won't be there on time.
There's a possibility that I won't be there on time.
There's a possibility our plans will change.
There's a possibility that our plans will change.
There's a possibility the schedule will change.
There's a possibility that the schedule will change.
There's a possibility I won't be chosen.
There's a possibility that I won't be chosen.
There's a possibility I'll be the one who has to do that.
There's a possibility that I'll be the one who has to do that.
There's a possibility I won't be able to do that.
There's a possibility that I won't be able to do that.
No one's watching us.
Nobody's watching us.
Mary has a beautiful voice.
They both looked at each other.
Tom started drawing.
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.
Could you please be a little quieter?
Could you please not talk so loud?
Please be a little bit quieter.
I'll keep my eyes pealed.
I'm not talking about just Tom.
I'll keep that to myself.
Tom was obviously scared.
I'll sort that out later.
I'm a French teacher now.
Tom has poor impulse control.
Bring the jack over. I'll jack up the car.
There is a man and a woman.
There's one man and two women waiting for you in the lobby.
If you like it, just buy it.
Tom slipped away unnoticed.
Mary slipped away unnoticed.
You're quite forgetful.
They slipped away unnoticed.
Mary disappeared into the kitchen.
Are you certain Tom can do that?
Are you certain Tom can swim?
Are you certain Tom can take care of himself?
I was pretty certain Tom wouldn't like that.
I'm pretty certain Tom can't speak French.
I'm pretty certain Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I'm pretty certain Tom is in Boston now.
You're quite forgetful, aren't you?
If you like it, buy it.
If you really want one of those, you should buy one.
The two boys are quarreling.
She is used to living a hardworking and frugal life.
You stay here. Everyone else go outside.
He borrowed money from the bank in order to buy a car.
The clothes she wears are always plain.
Our company is a limited-liability company.
I'm fairly certain Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary have both already done that.
I'm fairly certain Tom doesn't have any siblings.
I'm fairly certain Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom has already done that.
I'm fairly certain Tom has already talked to Mary about that.
I'm fairly certain Tom has never done anything like that before.
I'm fairly certain Tom is innocent.
I'm fairly certain Tom will pass today's exam.
I'm fairly certain Tom won't like that.
I'm certain Tom will cry.
I'm certain Tom will do that.
I'm certain Tom will win.
I can't really be certain Tom didn't take the money.
I'm almost certain Tom can speak French.
I'm almost certain Tom will ask Mary to the prom.
She has a beautiful doll.
It seems that we're in trouble.
It looks like we're in trouble.
It looks like Tom is in trouble.
Why didn't you eat the sandwich that I made for you?
I'm almost certain Tom will be at the meeting tomorrow.
I'm almost certain Tom will do that.
I'm almost certain Tom will do what we asked.
I'm almost certain Tom will get into the university of his choice.
I'm almost certain Tom will get into the university that he wants.
I'm almost certain Tom will go swimming with us.
I'm almost certain Tom will win.
I'm absolutely certain Tom is wrong.
I'm pretty certain that that won't happen.
I'm fairly certain that that didn't happen.
I'm fairly certain that that won't happen.
Are you absolutely certain that that's not going to happen?
I'm fairly certain that isn't going to happen.
I'm fairly certain that that isn't going to happen.
I'm fairly certain that that's not going to happen.
I'm fairly certain that that's what's going to happen.
I'm certain that that'll happen eventually.
I'm absolutely certain that that's what happened.
Are you absolutely certain that that isn't going to happen?
Are you absolutely certain that isn't going to happen?
Are you certain you can do that?
I was certain you'd come.
I just want to be certain you know what you're supposed to do.
I just want to be certain that you know what you're supposed to do.
I just want to be certain you'll be there.
I just want to be certain that you'll be there.
I'm certain you saw Tom.
I'm certain your intentions are honorable.
I'm quite certain that that's the truth.
Are you certain that that's what you want?
I'm almost certain we have enough water.
I'm almost certain we have enough money to buy what we need.
I'm almost certain we can trust Tom.
I'm almost certain we can do that.
I'm almost certain that we can do that.
I'm almost certain we can do that for you.
I'm almost certain that we can do that for you.
I can't say for certain Tom will do that.
I can't say for certain that Tom will do that.
I can't say for certain that's what Tom wants to do.
I can't say for certain that that's what Tom wants to do.
I'm certain we'll do it.
I'm certain we'll do that.
I'm certain that we'll do that.
I'm certain I'll win the tennis match.
I'm certain I'll do that tomorrow.
I'm fairly certain we're being watched.
I'm fairly certain we can do that.
I'm fairly certain that we can do that.
I'm fairly certain we can do that for you.
I'm fairly certain that we can do that for you.
I'm fairly certain what I saw was an elephant.
I'm fairly certain that what I saw was an elephant.
I'm fairly certain both Tom and Mary have already done that.
I just want to be certain it's OK.
I just want to be certain you won't mind if I do that.
I just want to be certain that you won't mind if I do that.
I just want to be certain you won't mind if I leave early.
I just want to be certain that you won't mind if I leave early.
I'm not certain I trust Tom.
I'm not certain I can trust Tom.
I'm not certain I can do that.
I'm not certain that I can do that.
I'm not certain I want to do that.
I'm not certain that I want to do that.
I'm not certain I need to do that.
I'm not certain that I need to do that.
I'm not certain I should do that.
I'm not certain that I should do that.
I'm not certain I ought to do that.
I'm not certain that I ought to do that.
I'm not certain I'll be able to do that.
I'm not certain that I'll be able to do that.
I want to be certain we're doing what's best for Tom.
I'm not sure we should trust Tom.
I'm not sure that we should trust Tom.
I'm not sure I ought to do that.
I'm not sure that I ought to do that.
Tom told Mary he was uncertain what to do.
Tom knew certain things about Mary she hoped he wouldn't tell John.
The job requires certain skills I don't have.
Tom certainly understands we all need to attend today's meeting.
Tom certainly made it clear he didn't want Mary to attend the party.
Tom certainly knew what he was doing was illegal.
I'm sure Tom is aware that Mary is in the hospital.
I'm sure that Tom is aware Mary is in the hospital.
I'm sure Tom is aware Mary is in the hospital.
I'm sure that Tom is aware that Mary is in the hospital.
I certainly hope that that'll happen.
I'm absolutely certain that you're wrong about that.
We can't be certain Tom will do that.
We can't be certain that Tom will do that.
I want to make certain Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make certain that Tom knows how to do that.
I want to make certain Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I want to make certain that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I'm certain I didn't say that.
I'm certain that I didn't say that.
I'm not certain that Tom likes that.
I'm pretty certain Tom will be at the meeting.
I'm pretty certain that Tom will be at the meeting.
I'm pretty certain Tom will do that.
I'm pretty certain that Tom will do that.
I'm pretty certain I can do that.
I'm pretty certain that I can do that.
I'm pretty certain that'll happen.
I'm pretty certain that that'll happen.
I was almost certain that you'd say something like that.
Are you certain that it was Tom who told Mary that?
I'm absolutely certain that that's not going to happen.
I'm absolutely certain that that isn't going to happen.
I'm absolutely certain that's not going to happen.
I'm absolutely certain that isn't going to happen.
Tom was absolutely certain Mary was in Boston.
Tom was absolutely certain that Mary was in Boston.
Tom was certain Mary could understand French.
Tom was certain that Mary could understand French.
Tom was certain Mary could speak French.
Tom was certain that Mary could speak French.
Tom was certain he was going to be fired.
Tom was certain that he was going to be fired.
Tom is certain he knows who did that.
Tom is certain that he knows who did that.
Tom was certain he knew who did that.
Tom was certain that he knew who did that.
There's hardly any chance Tom will win the election.
There's hardly any chance that Tom will win the election.
Let's hope that that's the last time that that happens.
Let's hope that that's the last time that happens.
Let's hope that's the last time that that happens.
I hope that that isn't what really happened.
I hope that that's not what really happened.
I hope that isn't what really happened.
I hope that that isn't true.
I hope that that's not true.
I hope that I gave you enough money to buy everything that you needed.
I hope I gave you enough money to buy everything that you needed.
I hope I gave you enough money to buy everything you needed.
I hope that I'll be able to help you at some other time.
I hope it's fine tomorrow.
I hope that it's fine tomorrow.
I hope that Tom likes the present that I bought for him.
I hope Tom likes the present that I bought for him.
I hope that what you're eating is healthy.
I hope that you're good.
I hope that you'll all be friends with me.
I hope you aren't afraid.
I hope you're not afraid.
I'm concerned about that.
We're expecting Tom to help us.
Tom was obviously stoned.
I'm not focusing on that.
I liked some of Tom's paintings.
I'm not scared of snakes.
Tom is pretty influential.
I'm pretty mad right now.
I told Tom what he needed to do.
All we can do now is hope Tom does what he's promised to do.
Tom and Mary are still clinging to the hope their son will be found alive.
Tom and Mary are still clinging to the hope that their son will be found alive.
Is there any hope Tom will do that?
Is there any hope that Tom will do that?
Is there any hope Tom will come?
Is there any hope that Tom will come?
I sure hope Tom helps us tomorrow.
I sure hope Tom gets here on time.
I sure hope you can wait for me.
I sure hope that you can wait for me.
I sure hope that that's not true.
I sure hope that that isn't true.
I sure hope that isn't true.
I really hope you can visit us again.
I really hope that you can visit us again.
I really hope that Tom comes back.
I hope that it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I really hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I hope the rain holds off for a few hours more.
I hope that the rain holds off for a few hours more.
I only hope the rain holds off for a few hours more.
All of us hope that doesn't happen.
All of us hope that that doesn't happen.
All of us hope Tom will be there.
I just hope Tom and Mary weren't injured.
I just hope that Tom and Mary weren't injured.
I just hope that Tom and Mary are OK.
There's little hope Tom is still alive.
There's little hope that Tom is still alive.
There's little hope Tom will be here on time.
There's little hope that Tom will be here on time.
There's little hope Tom will succeed.
There's little hope that Tom will succeed.
There's little hope Tom will recover.
There's little hope that Tom will recover.
I hope your parents will allow us to get married.
I hope your mother gets well soon.
I hope your classroom had air conditioning.
I hope you enjoy this next song.
I hope that you enjoy this next song.
I hope you'll come tomorrow.
I hope you'll be my friends.
I hope you won't tell Tom about what we did.
I hope you don't make the same mistake as Tom.
I hope that you don't make the same mistake as Tom.
I hope that you get well soon.
I hope you'll all be friends with me.
I hope that you'll wait for us.
I hope you wait for us.
I hope you can get that done soon.
I hope you can get that done before 2:30.
I hope you can get home before 2:30.
I hope you aren't serious.
I hope you're good.
I hope you and Tom get along.
I hope that'll change soon.
I hope that that'll change soon.
I hope what you're eating is healthy.
I hope what we've done helped.
I hope what Tom said is true.
I hope that that was what you wanted.
I hope Tom marries Mary.
I hope that Tom marries Mary.
I hope Tom will marry Mary.
I hope Tom arrives soon.
I hope that Tom arrives soon.
I hope Tom wasn't mistaken.
I hope Tom sticks around for a while. I'd like to talk to him.
I hope Tom leaves a piece of cake for me.
I hope Tom comes to my party tonight.
I hope Tom can wait for us.
I hope Tom and Mary get along.
I hope this will help us.
I hope this doesn't hurt you.
I hope the exam isn't too difficult.
I hope the exam is easy.
I hope the bus ride won't be boring.
I hope that Tom gets better soon.
I hope that Tom helps me.
I hope that Tom gets well soon.
I hope Tom listens to me.
I hope that Tom listens to me.
I hope my team wins.
I hope Tom passes the examination.
I hope that Tom passes the examination.
I hope it'll work.
I hope it doesn't snow tomorrow.
I hope I run into Tom this evening.
I hope that I run into Tom this evening.
I hope I'll be able to help you tomorrow.
I hope that I'll be able to help you tomorrow.
I hope I'll be able to help you at some other time.
I hope I pass the exam.
I hope I don't regret doing that.
I hope that I don't regret doing that.
I hope I can sing with you someday.
I hope I can make it to Boston this winter.
I hope that I can make it to Boston this winter.
I hope that I don't need to do that.
I hope I'm able to do that.
I hope that I'm able to do that.
I hope I can do it.
I hope that that helps.
I hope that that helped.
I hope Tom succeeds.
I hope that Tom succeeds.
I hope that Tom will help me.
I hope everything is in order.
I hope that that didn't offend you.
I hope that that continues.
I hope that that changes soon.
I hope that that answers your question.
I hope that that's true.
I hope that that's the truth.
I hope that that's satisfactory.
I hope that that's good enough.
I hope that that's everything.
I hope that that's enough.
I hope that that's a joke.
I hope that that'll change.
Let's hope we don't have to do this anymore.
Let's hope Tom doesn't try that.
Let's hope Tom can handle that by himself.
Let's hope decency will prevail.
Let's hope that that day is a long way off.
Let's hope common sense prevails.
Let's hope that that changes today.
Let's hope that that's true.
Let's hope that that's enough.
Let's hope that that's enough time.
We hope you're ready.
We hope you'll get here on time.
We hope you'll be in Boston next spring.
We hope you'll be able to do everything you want to do.
We hope you won't freeze.
We hope you won't be late.
We hope you succeed.
We hope that you succeed.
We hope you'll visit Boston.
We hope that you'll visit Boston.
We hope you visit Boston.
We hope you don't get hurt.
We hope you can help us.
We hope it works.
We hope it doesn't rain tomorrow.
We hope we can go there.
We hope that we can go there.
I do hope it won't rain tomorrow.
I do hope Tom gets well soon.
I do hope that Tom gets well soon.
I can only hope in time you'll forgive me.
Tom and Mary hope their next child will be a boy.
We all hope Tom does that.
We all hope that Tom does that.
We all hope Tom is feeling better.
We all hope that Tom is feeling better.
I really hope that that happens.
I really hope that that doesn't happen.
Let's just hope that that doesn't happen.
I hope that that won't happen.
I hope that that won't happen for a long time.
I hope that that won't happen again.
I hope that that never happens to me.
I hope that that happens.
I hope that that doesn't happen.
I hope that that doesn't happen to you again.
I hope that that doesn't happen again.
I hope that that doesn't ever happen.
I hope that that doesn't ever happen again.
I hope that that'll happen soon.
Let's hope that that never happens again.
Let's hope that that happens.
Let's hope that that doesn't happen.
Let's hope that that doesn't happen again.
We hope that that doesn't happen.
We hope that that doesn't happen again.
There's a chance Tom is here in the park somewhere.
There's a chance Tom might try to kill himself again.
There's a chance Tom will cry.
There's a chance Tom will win.
There's a chance Tom won't be there.
There's a good chance Tom doesn't know what Mary has done.
There's a good chance Tom missed the train.
There's a good chance Tom will be here this afternoon.
There's a good chance Tom will be punished for what he did.
There's a good chance Tom will be the new manager.
There's a good chance Tom will be the next manager.
There's a good chance Tom will lose the race.
There's a good chance Tom will win the race.
There's a good chance Tom won't be at the meeting.
There's a good chance Tom won't like that.
There's a good chance Tom won't like the kind of music your band plays.
There's a slim chance Tom will be late.
There's a very good chance Tom will be here tomorrow.
There's a very good chance Tom will be late.
There's a very good chance Tom will get that job.
There's a very good chance Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
There's absolutely no chance Tom will be there.
There's absolutely no chance Tom will win the race.
There are a lot of gullible people, so there is a chance Tom will be elected.
The chance Tom will be executed is very slim.
The chance Tom will get arrested is very slim.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will believe that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will help you.
I guess I always knew there was a chance Tom wouldn't come.
I knew there was a chance Tom would need some help.
There's little chance Tom will win.
There's no chance Tom will be here on time.
There's no chance Tom will be late today.
There's no chance Tom will cry.
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary does.
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary.
There's no chance Tom will ever get here on time.
There's no chance Tom will win the fight.
There's no chance Tom will win.
There's still a chance Tom might help us.
There's still a chance Tom might not have to spend time in prison.
Is there any chance Tom can win?
Is there any chance Tom might have gone to Mary's house last night?
Is there any chance Tom will agree to the plan?
Is there any chance Tom will agree?
Is there any chance Tom will be at tonight's party?
Is there any chance Tom will be late?
Is there any chance Tom won't get here on time?
There was no chance Tom was going to win that fight.
Do you think there's a chance Tom will be there?
Do you think there's a chance Tom will have a party?
Do you think there's any chance Tom knows Mary's phone number?
There's a good chance that Tom will pass today's exam.
There's a chance that Tom will be there.
There's a chance that Tom will be late.
There's a chance that Tom is in trouble.
Is there any chance that Tom will cry?
Is there any chance that Tom knows how to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom is in Boston now?
Is there any chance that Tom is doing that now?
I wonder whether there's a chance that Tom will help us.
I wonder whether there's a chance that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not there's a chance that Tom will help us.
I wonder whether or not there's a chance that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I wonder if there's a chance that Tom will help us.
I wonder if there's a chance that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I think there's still a chance that Tom will get here on time.
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be at the party?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to find Mary?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom will do that?
Are you saying there's still a chance that Tom will graduate with the rest of his class?
Is there any chance that you could be ready in an hour?
Is there any chance that you could help me get them?
Is there any chance that you'll come back to Boston again this year?
There's no chance that you're getting away.
Tom wasn't given the chance that you and I were given.
Is there any chance that you can get that done by 2:30?
Is there any chance you won't do that?
Is there any chance you'll do that?
I'm aware that there's only a slim chance you'll want to see me.
Is there any chance you have eaten any of the contaminated food?
Is there any chance you'll be coming to Boston this year?
Is there any chance you'll be in Boston next month?
Is there any chance you'll go to Boston next month?
Is there any chance you'll go to the post office today?
No one wants to dance with me.
We're not supposed to speak French in the classroom.
We've been told to only speak French in the classroom.
Nobody wants to dance with me.
No one would dance with Tom.
Nobody would dance with Tom.
No one wanted to dance with Tom.
Nobody wanted to dance with Tom.
Do you think there's any chance that we'll be able to finish this on time?
I think there's a good chance that we'll never see Tom again.
Is there a chance that we'll lose our jobs?
Is there any chance that we can succeed?
It's a chance that we've got to take.
That's a chance that we've got to take.
That's a chance we've got to take.
The longer we wait, the less chance that we have of finding Tom.
There's a chance that we won't be there.
There's a chance that we'll be late.
You've ruined the best chance that we had to get rid of Tom.
There's a good chance we'll win.
There's still a chance we can save Tom.
Are you saying that there's still a chance that we can get this done on time?
Are you saying that there's still a chance we can get this done on time?
Are you saying there's still a chance we can get this done on time?
There's a good chance Tom's father doesn't know that Tom is here.
There's a good chance that Tom's father doesn't know that Tom is here.
There's a good chance Tom will ask Mary to help him do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will ask Mary to help him do that.
There's a good chance Tom will move to Boston next year.
There's a good chance that Tom will move to Boston next year.
There's a good chance Tom doesn't know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom will need help doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will need help doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will ask Mary to help him.
There's a good chance that Tom will ask Mary to help him.
There's a good chance Tom will refuse to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will refuse to do that.
There's a good chance Tom will do that with Mary.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that with Mary.
There's a good chance Tom will do that tomorrow.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that tomorrow.
There's a chance Tom won't be at work on Monday.
There's a chance that Tom won't be at work on Monday.
Is there any chance Tom isn't going to be there?
Is there any chance that Tom isn't going to be there?
There's a chance Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't know how to do that.
There's a chance Tom will go to Boston with us.
There's a chance that Tom will go to Boston with us.
Is there any chance Tom will ask me to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom will ask me to do that?
Is there any chance Tom isn't going to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom isn't going to do that?
There's no chance Tom will ask you to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will ask you to do that.
There's a chance Tom will eat with us tonight.
There's a chance that Tom will eat with us tonight.
Is there any chance Tom will be there tonight?
Is there any chance that Tom will be there tonight?
Is there any chance Tom will want to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom will want to do that?
Is there any chance Tom will need to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom will need to do that?
Is there any chance Tom will have to do that?
Is there any chance that Tom will have to do that?
Is there any chance Tom isn't in Boston now?
Is there any chance that Tom isn't in Boston now?
There's a good chance Tom needs to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom needs to do that.
There's a chance Tom won't want to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't want to do that.
There's a chance Tom won't know what to do.
There's a chance that Tom won't know what to do.
There's a good chance Tom will be elected.
There's a good chance that Tom will be elected.
There's a chance Tom won't want you there.
There's a chance that Tom won't want you there.
There's a good chance Tom will be chosen.
There's a good chance that Tom will be chosen.
There's a good chance Tom has to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom has to do that.
Tom goes to Boston every chance he gets.
Tom goes to Boston every chance that he gets.
There's a small chance Tom will succeed.
There's a small chance that Tom will succeed.
There's a good chance Tom won't do that.
There's a good chance that Tom won't do that.
There's a good chance Tom can't do that.
There's a good chance that Tom can't do that.
There's a chance Tom will pass the exam.
There's a chance that Tom will pass the exam.
Tom goes swimming every chance he gets.
Tom goes swimming every chance that he gets.
There's a good chance Tom will do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that.
There's a good chance Tom will be late.
There's a good chance that Tom will be late.
Tom goes fishing every chance he gets.
Tom goes fishing every chance that he gets.
Tom goes camping every chance he gets.
Tom goes camping every chance that he gets.
Is there any chance Tom will recover?
Is there any chance that Tom will recover?
Tom eats steak every chance he gets.
Tom eats steak every chance that he gets.
There's a good chance Tom will come.
There's a good chance that Tom will come.
It was pure chance Tom won the race.
It was pure chance that Tom won the race.
It was pure chance Tom won the game.
It was pure chance that Tom won the game.
Is there any chance Tom will resign?
Is there any chance that Tom will resign?
Tom does that every chance he gets.
Tom does that every chance that he gets.
There's no chance Tom will recover.
There's no chance that Tom will recover.
There's no chance Tom will help us.
There's no chance that Tom will help us.
There's no chance Tom will do that.
There's a good chance Tom will win.
There's a good chance that Tom will win.
Is there any chance Tom will come?
Is there any chance that Tom will come?
I think that I have a good chance.
Do you think that I have a chance?
Do you think that I have a chance of winning?
Do you think I have a chance of winning?
I don't think that I have any chance of getting that job.
I think that I have a good chance of winning.
I think that I have a good chance of winning the election.
I think that I have a good chance of getting elected.
I think that I have a good chance of being hired for the job.
I think that I have a good chance of being elected.
I think that I have a good chance of being chosen.
I don't think that I'll have a chance to do that.
I don't think that I have any chance of winning.
I don't think that I have a chance of winning.
I didn't think that I'd ever have a chance to do that.
You know as well as I do that there's no chance Tom will do that.
There's a good chance Tom will be punished for doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will be arrested for doing that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will let you do that.
There's a good chance Tom will be fired for doing that.
There's a good chance Tom will be fined for doing that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will ever do that.
Do you think there's a chance Tom knows how to do that?
There's no chance Tom will ever be able to do that.
I don't think there's any chance Tom will do that.
Isn't there a chance Tom is doing that right now?
There's no chance Tom will forget to do that.
There's a very good chance Tom will do that.
There's no chance Tom will ever do that.
There's little chance Tom will do that.
Isn't there a chance Tom is doing that?
Is there any chance Tom won't do that?
There's a chance Tom will do that.
I'm pretty sad right now.
Tom is pretty trustworthy.
I'm usually pretty picky.
I told Tom where I used to work.
I've done it all my life.
Tom was obviously anxious.
I've seen you doing that.
I told Tom where I wanted to go.
I can't let you read that.
Tom was obviously baffled.
The cinema is to the right of the restaurant.
I already put salt in the pasta.
Tom won't have to do that again, I assure you.
No child wants to be treated like a baby.
I've been told I have a lovely, clear speaking voice.
Stop grade-grubbing.
Stop begging for class notes.
I don't envy your life. Not even a little bit.
She returned the book.
Tom returned the book that he borrowed from the library last week.
If you work hard, your dreams will come true.
If you work hard, all your dreams will come true.
I suggest we don't do that.
I suggest that we don't do that.
We don't have to do anything we don't want to.
We don't have to do anything we don't want to do.
Sometimes you just have to do things that you don't want to do.
It was entirely by accident I found out what Tom was doing.
It was entirely by accident that I found out what Tom was doing.
Tom said he wanted another chance.
Tom said that he wanted another chance.
I write every chance that I get.
I try to help Tom every chance that I get.
I swim every chance that I get.
I play golf every chance that I get.
I go to Boston every chance that I get.
I go swimming every chance that I get.
I go ice skating every chance that I get.
I eat Thai food every chance that I get.
I eat sushi every chance that I get.
I hope that I get a chance to return the favor you've done me.
I hope that I get the chance to meet Tom.
I hope that I get the chance to ask Tom that question.
I hope that I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.
I hope that you have a chance to spend time with your family soon.
Do you honestly think that Tom has a chance to win?
Do you really think that we have a chance to win?
Do you still think that we have a chance to win?
Do you think that we have a chance to win?
Don't you think that we have a chance to win?
I wish that I had a chance to finish it.
I wish that I had had the chance to learn French in high school.
I wish that I had had the chance to learn French.
I wish that I'd gotten a chance to meet Tom.
I'd have gone swimming if I'd had the chance to.
I would've gone swimming if I'd had the chance to.
I'm glad that I got a chance to see you again.
I'm glad that we've had this chance to talk.
I'm glad that you got a chance to talk to Tom before he left.
Tom doesn't think he has a chance to win.
Tom doesn't think that he has a chance to win.
Tom didn't really feel he had a chance to win.
I felt that was too good a chance to miss.
I felt that that was too good a chance to miss.
Do you believe that I have a chance to get that position?
Do you think that I have a chance to get that job?
Do you think I have a chance to get that job?
I think Tom has no chance of winning.
I think that Tom has no chance of winning.
Do you think there's a chance that'll happen?
Do you think that there's a chance that'll happen?
Do you think that there's a chance I could get that job?
Do you think that there's any chance of that happening?
Do you think there's any chance you'll be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be able to come?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to come?
Didn't you know that there was a good chance that this would happen?
Didn't you know there was a good chance this would happen?
Didn't you know that there was a good chance this would happen?
I think that there's a chance that it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a chance it'll rain tonight.
I think that there's a chance it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a good chance that that'll happen.
I think that there's a good chance that that'll happen.
I think there's a good chance that'll happen.
I think that there's a good chance that'll happen.
Is there a possibility that'll happen?
Is there a possibility that that'll happen?
There's a good chance that taxes will increase.
There's a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.
I don't think that there's any chance that our team will win.
I don't think that there's any chance that I'll get there on time.
I don't think there's any chance our team will win.
I don't think that there's any chance our team will win.
I don't think there's any chance I'll get there on time.
I don't think that there's any chance I'll get there on time.
I'll try to fix this, but there's a chance I won't be able to.
I think there's a good chance it'll rain tonight.
I think there's a good chance that it'll rain tonight.
Is there a chance that that'll happen?
Is there much of a chance that'll happen?
Is there much of a chance that that'll happen?
Is there any chance that'll happen?
Is there any chance that that'll happen?
There's not much chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's not much chance Tom will be there.
There's not much chance that Tom will be there.
There's not much chance Tom will help us.
There's not much chance that Tom will help us.
There's no chance that that's going to happen.
There's a good chance taxes will increase.
There's a good chance gasoline prices will go up.
There's a very good chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a very good chance I'll be there tomorrow.
There's a very good chance that I'll be there tomorrow.
There's a very good chance Tom can help you.
There's a very good chance that Tom can help you.
There's a very good chance Tom knows what to do.
There's a very good chance that Tom knows what to do.
There's a very good chance Tom knows Mary.
There's a very good chance that Tom knows Mary.
There's a very good chance that'll happen.
There's a very good chance that that'll happen.
There's a good chance what Tom told you isn't true.
There's a good chance Tom will be in Boston next week.
There's a good chance that Tom will be in Boston next week.
There's a chance you'll get injured if you do it that way.
There's a chance that you'll get injured if you do it that way.
There's a good chance our prices will be going up next month.
There's a good chance it'll rain tomorrow.
There's a chance it'll snow tonight.
There's a chance that it'll snow tonight.
There's a chance Tom might know the answer.
There's a chance that Tom might know the answer.
There's a chance it'll work.
There's a chance that'll work.
There's a chance that that'll work.
There's a slim chance that'll work.
There's a slim chance that that'll work.
There's a slim chance we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's a slim chance that we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's only a slim chance we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's only a slim chance that we'll see Tom there tomorrow.
There's a very slim chance that'll work.
There's a very slim chance that that'll work.
There's a chance it'll rain today.
There's a chance I can be there by 2:30.
What are the chances that I'll actually get the job?
I wish Tom would give me another chance.
I hope that I get that chance.
I don't think we want to risk that happening.
I don't think that we want to risk that happening.
I suggest we give Tom a second chance.
I suggest that we give Tom a second chance.
I suggest we give Tom another chance.
I suggest that we give Tom another chance.
Tom says you deserve another chance.
Tom says that you deserve another chance.
Tom is hoping that he'll be given a second chance.
Everybody deserves a second chance.
I'm hoping that I'll be given a second chance.
I'm hoping I'll be given another chance.
I'm hoping that I'll be given another chance.
Tom deserves the same chance we gave Mary.
Tom deserves the same chance that we gave Mary.
I think you should give Tom a chance tell his side of the story.
I think that you should give Tom a chance tell his side of the story.
I should give Tom my old watch.
I should give my old watch to Tom.
I hope that you'll give Tom a chance.
I believe that everybody deserves a chance.
I believe that everyone deserves a chance.
I believe everybody deserves a chance.
Everybody deserves a chance.
Everyone still has a chance.
Do you think that Tom has a chance?
Do you think that there's still a chance?
Do you think that there's a chance?
Do you still think that you have a chance?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom is still there?
Do you think that there's a chance that Tom is still there?
I hope that Tom gets the chance.
I want to believe that there's still a chance for us to be happy together.
I knew that might be my only chance to escape.
I knew that that might be my only chance to escape.
I don't know why I even thought that I had a chance with Tom.
I don't know why I thought that I had a chance of winning.
I don't know why I thought I had a chance of winning.
What are the chances Tom will actually get the job?
What are the chances that Tom will actually get the job?
What are the chances I'll actually get the job?
What are the chances we'll have a white Christmas?
What are the chances Tom will actually come?
What're the chances I'll get injured?
What're the chances that I'll get injured?
What're the chances I'll meet Tom there?
What're the chances that I'll meet Tom there?
What're the chances Tom will know the answer?
What're the chances that Tom will know the answer?
What're the chances Tom will win?
What're the chances that Tom will win?
What're the chances Tom will tell me what I want to know?
What're the chances that Tom will tell me what I want to know?
What're the chances you'll be there?
What are the chances that you will be there?
What're the chances you will be in Boston next Monday?
What're the chances that you will be in Boston next Monday?
Do you think there's a chance Tom is still there?
Do you think that there's a chance Tom is still there?
Are you saying there's still a chance that'll happen?
Are you saying there's still a chance that that'll happen?
There's a slim chance that I won't be able to make it to the meeting.
There's a good chance that it'll snow.
There's a good chance that it'll rain.
There's a chance that this might be Tom's.
There's a chance that it'll snow.
There's a chance that it'll snow tomorrow.
There's a chance that it'll rain.
There's a chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
Is there a chance that this will happen again?
Tom didn't think that he had a chance to succeed, but he at least wanted to give it a shot.
Tom didn't think that he'd ever have a chance to live in another country.
Do you think that Tom has a chance of winning?
Do you think Tom has a chance of winning?
Do you think that Tom has any chance of being elected class president?
Do you think that Tom has any chance of winning?
Do you think that we have any chance of winning?
I don't think that Tom has any chance of winning.
I don't think that we have any chance of winning.
I don't think that we'd have any chance of winning.
I think that we have a chance of winning.
I think that we have a good chance of winning.
Personally, I don't think that Tom has a chance of winning.
I don't think that there's much chance of that happening.
I think that there's only a slim chance of that happening.
I don't think that Tom knows that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom knows that that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think Tom knows that that won't happen anytime soon.
I don't think that'll do any good.
I don't think that anyone really understands me.
I don't think anyone really understands me.
I don't think anybody really understands me.
I don't think that that's anyone I know.
I don't think that that's anybody that I know.
I don't think that that's anybody I know.
I don't think that that's anyone that I know.
I don't think that's anyone I know.
I don't think that's anybody that I know.
I don't think that's anyone that I know.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave Mary that necklace.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave that necklace to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows who gave Mary that necklace.
I don't think Tom knows who gave that necklace to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is already married.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is already married.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave me this umbrella.
I don't think that Tom knows who gave this umbrella to me.
I don't think Tom knows who gave me this umbrella.
I don't think Tom knows who gave this umbrella to me.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm already married.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm already married.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm married.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm married.
I don't think that Tom knows I used to be married.
I don't think that Tom knows I that used to be married.
I don't think that Tom knows I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows that I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm not single anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm not single anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that you'll like that.
I don't think that you'll have that problem.
I don't think that you'd like that.
I don't think that you want that.
I don't think you should worry about it too much.
I don't think that you should tell Tom that.
I don't think you should leave Tom alone.
I don't think that you should eat that.
I don't think that you should drink that water.
I don't think that you should buy that.
I don't think that you should buy that car.
I don't think that you really want to call attention to that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom anything about what happened.
I don't think that you need to be worried about that.
I don't think that you need that much money to buy what you need.
I don't think that you mean that.
I don't think that you can sell that.
I don't think that you can explain that.
I don't think that you can eat that.
I don't think that you believe that.
I don't think what Tom did was right.
I don't think that we want to go down that road.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about what happened.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about that.
I don't think that we should talk about that now.
I don't think that we should need to pay that much.
I don't think we should leave the windows open.
I don't think we should go with Tom.
I don't think we should even consider singing.
I don't think we should buy such an expensive car.
I don't think that we really need to attend that meeting.
I don't think that we need that.
I don't think that we have the time for that.
I don't think that we have that kind of time.
I don't think that we can take that risk.
I don't think that we can say that.
I don't think that we can risk that.
I don't think that we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong.
I don't think that we can pull that off.
I don't think that we can do it that soon.
I don't think that we can do anything about that.
I don't think that that was your fault.
I don't think that that was Tom.
I don't think that that was the problem.
I don't think that that was a wise decision.
I don't think Tom's speech was very good.
I don't think Tom's performance was very good.
I don't think Tom's concert was very good.
I don't think that Tom would've said that.
I don't think that Tom would've said that to Mary.
I don't think that Tom would really want that.
I don't think that Tom would mind buying that for you.
I don't think that Tom would like that.
I don't think Tom would lie to me.
I don't think Tom would ever leave Mary.
I don't think that Tom would ever do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be worried about something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be glad if that happened.
I don't think that Tom would be frightened by that.
I don't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I don't think that Tom would be concerned about that.
I don't think that Tom would agree to that.
I don't think that Tom will understand that.
I don't think Tom will sing with us tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will like that.
I don't think that Tom will have that problem.
I don't think that Tom will forget that.
I don't think Tom will ever come back.
I don't think Tom will come to the party.
I don't think that Tom will buy that for you.
I don't think Tom was the one who stole my bicycle.
I don't think that Tom was married at that time.
I don't think that Tom was kidding about that.
I don't think Tom was in Boston last week.
I don't think Tom was hiding.
I don't think Tom was having fun.
I don't think that Tom was engaged at that time.
I don't think that Tom wants that to happen.
I don't think that Tom wanted to talk about that.
I don't think that Tom understands that.
I don't think Tom understands me.
I don't think that Tom understands me.
I don't think Tom understands French.
I don't think that Tom understands French.
I don't think that Tom told Mary the truth about what happened.
I don't think that Tom sees it that way.
I don't think that Tom said that.
I don't think Tom remembers what happened.
I don't think that Tom remembers what happened.
I don't think Tom really said that.
I don't think that Tom really said that.
I don't think that Tom really liked that.
I don't think Tom realizes how rude he's being.
I don't think Tom needs to be here.
I don't think that Tom needs to be here.
I don't think that Tom needed to hear that.
I don't think that Tom needed to be here.
I don't think Tom made a wise decision.
I don't think Tom looks like his brother.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary went to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary went to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary likes living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary likes living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary left Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary left Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to swim.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to swim.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like John.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like John.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows why I went to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I went to Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I left Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I left Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like to swim.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like to swim.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like Mary.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like living in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like him.
I don't think Tom knows who to give that to.
I don't think that Tom knows who to give that to.
I don't think Tom knows who stole his bicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows who stole his bicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows who painted that picture.
I don't think Tom knows who owns his apartment building.
I don't think that Tom knows who owns his apartment building.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I don't think Tom knows who broke the window.
I don't think that Tom knows who broke the window.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary works.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went to school.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went to school.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went to college.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went to college.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary was born.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary was born.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wanted to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wanted to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary lives.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary learned French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary learned French.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary is going to school.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is going to school.
I don't think Tom knows where I went to college.
I don't think that Tom knows where I went to college.
I don't think Tom knows where I was born.
I don't think that Tom knows where I was born.
I don't think Tom knows where I wanted to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where I wanted to go.
I don't think Tom knows where I want to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where I want to go.
I don't think that Tom knows where I live.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary's birthday is.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary's birthday is.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary will be there.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be there.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when it happened.
I don't think that Tom knows what's going to happen.
I don't think that Tom knows what's been happening here.
I don't think that Tom knows what'll happen.
I don't think Tom knows what to say.
I don't think that Tom knows what to say.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do about that.
I don't think Tom knows what to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what to buy.
I don't think Tom knows what time the party is going to start.
I don't think that Tom knows what time the party is going to start.
I don't think Tom knows what time the meeting will start.
I don't think that Tom knows what time the meeting will start.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary's train will be arriving.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary's train will be arriving.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary woke up this morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary woke up this morning.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary wants him to meet her.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary wants him to meet her.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary is planning to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary is planning to leave.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary is going to arrive at the station.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary is going to arrive at the station.
I don't think Tom knows what time Mary got home last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what time Mary got home last night.
I don't think Tom knows what time I'm planning to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I'm planning to leave.
I don't think Tom knows what time I'm going to arrive at the station.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I'm going to arrive at the station.
I don't think Tom knows what time I woke up this morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I woke up this morning.
I don't think Tom knows what time I want him to meet me.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I want him to meet me.
I don't think Tom knows what time I got home last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what time I got home last night.
I don't think Tom knows what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom knows what needs to be done.
I don't think Tom knows what my opinion is.
I don't think that Tom knows what my opinion is.
I don't think Tom knows what my blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows what my blood type is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's opinion is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's opinion is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's favorite flower is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's favorite flower is.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary's blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's blood type is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to say.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary told John.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary told John.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary said to John.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary said to John.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is making for dinner.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is making for dinner.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary does for a living.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary did last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did last night.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary bought yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary bought yesterday.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of shoes he should buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of shoes he should buy.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of music Mary likes.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of music Mary likes.
I don't think Tom knows what kind of car Mary drives.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of car Mary drives.
I don't think Tom knows what I'm making for dinner.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm making for dinner.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what I told Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what I told Mary.
I don't think Tom knows what I said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what I said to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows what I do for a living.
I don't think that Tom knows what I do for a living.
I don't think Tom knows what I did last night.
I don't think that Tom knows what I did last night.
I don't think Tom knows what I bought yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows what I bought yesterday.
I don't think Tom knows what he should do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should do.
I don't think Tom knows what he should be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom knows what he ought to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he ought to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what happened.
I don't think that Tom knows what happened to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is already married.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm not single anymore.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm married.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm already married.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows much about that.
I don't think Tom knows much about me.
I don't think that Tom knows much about me.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows much about Austrlia.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Austrlia.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is already married.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows I'm not single anymore.
I don't think Tom knows I'm married.
I don't think Tom knows I'm in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows I'm already married.
I don't think Tom knows I'm a vegetarian.
I don't think Tom knows I used to be married.
I don't think Tom knows I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows that I used to be married.
I don't think Tom knows that I used to be married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows how to speak French.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook very well.
I don't think Tom knows how much time that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need to get that done.
I don't think Tom knows how much that's going to cost.
I don't think that Tom knows how much that's going to cost.
I don't think Tom knows how much money he has in the bank.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money he has in the bank.
I don't think Tom knows how much milk Mary drinks every day.
I don't think that Tom knows how much milk Mary drinks every day.
I don't think Tom knows how much he drank last night.
I don't think that Tom knows how much he drank last night.
I don't think Tom knows how much coffee Mary drinks every day.
I don't think that Tom knows how much coffee Mary drinks every day.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary feels about that.
I don't think Tom knows how many loaves of bread he is supposed to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows how many loaves of bread he is supposed to buy.
I don't think Tom knows how many eggs his mother wants him to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows how many eggs his mother wants him to buy.
I don't think Tom knows how many cats Mary has.
I don't think that Tom knows how many cats Mary has.
I don't think that Tom knows French.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how that happened.
I don't think Tom is sincere.
I don't think that Tom is sincere.
I don't think Tom is Mary's son.
I don't think that Tom is honest.
I don't think Tom is having fun.
I don't think Tom is a plumber.
I don't think that Tom has any idea why that happened.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what happened.
I don't think that Tom expected that to happen.
I don't think Tom did what you think that he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you think that he did.
I don't think Tom did what you think he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you think he did.
I don't think Tom did what you said he did.
I don't think that Tom did what you said he did.
I don't think that Tom did what Mary said he did.
I don't think Tom did his homework by himself.
I don't think Tom ate all the bananas.
I don't think this is a good time to do this.
I don't think this car was made in Germany.
I don't think there's enough room in the canoe for all three of us.
I don't think there's anything left to fix.
I don't think the Giants will be the champions this year.
I don't think that that's yours.
I don't think that that's wise.
I don't think that that's why Tom left.
I don't think that that's why Tom isn't here.
I don't think that that's what's causing the problem.
I don't think that that's what you wanted to do.
I don't think that that's what you should be doing.
I don't think that that's what you intended.
I don't think that that's what you intended to do.
I don't think that that's what we should be doing.
I don't think that that's what Tom said.
I don't think that that's what Tom meant.
I don't think that that's what Tom meant at all.
I don't think that's what people really think that.
I don't think that that's what people really think that.
I don't think that that's what I need.
I don't think that that's very likely to happen.
I don't think that that's very funny.
I don't think that that's true at all.
I don't think that that's Tom's.
I don't think that that's the whole story.
I don't think that that's the way it works.
I don't think that that's the solution.
I don't think that that's the right call.
I don't think that that's the problem.
I don't think that that's the point.
I don't think that that's the plan.
I don't think that that's the case.
I don't think that that's the answer.
I don't think that that's such a good idea.
I don't think that that's such a big problem.
I don't think that that's such a big deal.
I don't think that that's strange.
I don't think that that's right.
I don't think that that's realistic.
I don't think that that's quite true.
I don't think that that's quite right.
I don't think that that's possible.
I don't think that that's necessary yet.
I don't think that that's mine.
I don't think that that's likely to happen.
I don't think that that's legal.
I don't think that that's helping.
I don't think that that's going to work.
I don't think that that's going to stop Tom.
I don't think that that's going to happen today.
I don't think that that's going to happen soon.
I don't think that that's going to ever happen.
I don't think that that's funny.
I don't think that that's funny at all.
I don't think that that's fair at all.
I don't think that that's exactly what Tom agreed to do.
I don't think that that's even possible.
I don't think that that's enough.
I don't think that that's correct.
I don't think that that's appropriate.
I don't think that that's an option.
I don't think that that's allowed.
I don't think that that's allowed here.
I don't think that that's accurate.
I don't think that that's a very good idea.
I don't think that that's a reasonable request.
I don't think that that's a real word.
I don't think that that's a real diamond.
I don't think that that's a good reason.
I don't think that that's a good idea.
I don't think that that's a good idea right now.
I don't think that that's a factor.
I don't think that that's a coincidence.
I don't think that that'll work.
I don't think that that'll still be a problem.
I don't think that'll make much difference.
I don't think that that'll make much difference.
I don't think that that'll happen.
I don't think that that'll happen until tomorrow.
I don't think that that'll happen today.
I don't think that that'll happen to us.
I don't think that that'll happen anymore.
I don't think that that'll happen again.
I don't think that that'll ever happen.
I don't think that that'll ever happen again.
I don't think that that'll do any good.
I don't think that that'll continue.
I don't think that that'll be possible at all.
I don't think that that'll be necessary.
I don't think that that'll be a problem.
I don't think that that would ever happen.
I don't think that that would cost very much.
I don't think that that would cost much.
I don't think that that would bother Tom too much.
I don't think that that would be wise.
I don't think that that would be the right thing to do.
I don't think that that would be such a good idea.
I don't think that that would be good.
I don't think that that would be appropriate.
I don't think that that would be a great idea.
I don't think that that would be a good idea.
I don't think that that works.
I don't think that that will fly.
I don't think that was a coincidence.
I don't think that that was a coincidence.
I don't think that that should be done.
I don't think that that really happened.
I don't think that matters much.
I don't think that that matters much.
I don't think that that matters much, Tom.
I don't think that that makes any sense.
I don't think that that happened.
I don't think that that game's much fun.
I don't think that that counts.
I don't think that that could happen.
I don't think that that changes anything.
I don't think that that can be fixed.
I don't think that that actually happened.
I don't think technology provides us with everything we need.
I don't think that that story is true.
I don't think Mary looks like her mother.
I don't think that Mary looks like her mother.
I don't think that it's going to happen.
I don't think that it's going to happen tonight.
I don't think that it's going to happen today.
I don't think that it's going to happen that way.
I don't think that it'll happen.
I don't think that it'll happen again.
I don't think it can happen.
I don't think I'll be able to solve this problem by myself.
I don't think I want to go to college.
I don't think I look like my father.
I don't think I deserved the punishment I got.
I don't think that either of us wants that to happen.
I don't think that anything bad is going to happen.
I don't think that any of us are happy about what happened.
I didn't think that Tom's performance was very good.
I don't think that Tom knows what he did was wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows that what he did was wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is upset.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is upset.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is unhappy.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is unhappy.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in love with him.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is in love with him.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm not Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm not Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm hungry.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm hungry.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm here.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm here.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Canadian.
I don't think that Tom knows I think he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows that I think he's stupid.
I don't think that Tom knows I have three cats.
I don't think that Tom knows that I have three cats.
I don't think that Tom knows I hate him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I hate him.
I don't think that Tom knows I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I don't like him.
I don't think that Tom knows he's adopted.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's adopted.
I don't think Tom knows what he did was wrong.
I don't think Tom knows Mary thinks he's stupid.
I don't think Tom knows Mary isn't happy.
I don't think Tom knows Mary isn't Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is upset.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is unhappy.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is in love with him.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is a Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I don't think Tom knows I'm not Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows I'm hungry.
I don't think Tom knows I'm here.
I don't think Tom knows I'm Canadian.
I don't think Tom knows I think he's stupid.
I don't think Tom knows I have three cats.
I don't think Tom knows I hate him.
I don't think Tom knows I don't like him.
I don't think Tom knows he's adopted.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom is sure that that's what he has to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary wants to do.
Do you still think about Tom?
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary needs to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what Mary has to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what he needs to do.
I don't think Tom is sure that that's what he has to do.
I don't think Tom knows what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows that.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he did wrong.
I don't think that Tom is that weird.
I don't think that Tom is small enough to crawl through that hole.
I don't think Tom is rich enough to buy that house.
I don't think that Tom is rich enough to buy that house.
I don't think that Tom is responsible for that.
I don't think that Tom is married.
I don't think Tom is in Australia now.
I don't think that Tom is in Australia now.
I don't think that Tom is here.
I don't think Tom is here today.
I don't think that Tom is here today.
I don't think that Tom is going to like that.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary next week.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary next week.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary.
I don't think Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think that Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think Tom is going to be there.
I don't think that Tom is going to be there.
I don't think that Tom is capable of that.
I don't think Tom is all that busy today.
I don't think that Tom is all that busy today.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will be here today.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will know the answer.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will tell us what to do.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will drive all the way to Boston by himself.
I don't think that I've ever eaten anything you would consider disgusting.
I don't think that I've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting.
I don't think I've ever eaten anything you would consider disgusting.
I don't think that I should tell Tom I'm going to Boston.
I don't think that I should tell Tom that I'm going to Boston.
I don't think I should tell Tom I'm going to Boston.
I don't think that I've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to punish me.
I don't think I'd be that interested in doing something like that.
I don't think that I'd be that interested in doing something like that.
I don't think that I can get you to understand how difficult that is.
I think I wouldn't be able to wear something like that to work.
I think that I wouldn't be able to wear something like that to work.
I don't think Tom has enough money to buy everything he needs.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy everything he needs.
I don't think I'd be able to wear something like that to work.
I don't think that I'd be able to wear something like that to work.
I don't think we should tell Tom that we're going to Boston.
I don't think that we should tell Tom that we're going to Boston.
I don't think I have the experience necessary for that job.
I don't think that I have the experience necessary for that job.
I don't think that I'll have too much of a problem with that.
I don't think we should tell Tom we're going to Boston.
I don't think that we should tell Tom we're going to Boston.
I don't think that I can wear something like that to work.
I don't think we should go to Australia next month.
I don't think that we should go to Australia next month.
I don't think Tom has any friends living in Boston.
I don't think that Tom has any friends living in Boston.
I don't think I should go to Australia next summer.
I don't think that I should go to Australia next summer.
I don't think that I have what it takes to be a teacher.
I don't think we should go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think that we should go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think that I've heard that word in a long time.
I don't think that I'll be able to get that done today.
I don't think that I'd ever make a mistake like that.
I don't think that I've ever heard that joke before.
I don't think I should go to Boston next week.
I don't think that I should go to Boston next week.
I don't think I need to read the instructions.
I don't think that I need to read the instructions.
I don't think I have to read the instructions.
I don't think that I have to read the instructions.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy that.
I don't think we should go there by ourselves.
I don't think that we should go there by ourselves.
I don't think I can wait until Tom gets here.
I don't think that I can wait until Tom gets here.
I don't think that I'm that much of a complainer.
I don't think that I need to explain that to Tom.
I don't think that I have to explain that to Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be that simple.
I don't think I should tell Tom about that.
I don't think that I should tell Tom about that.
I don't think I need to ask for Tom's help.
I don't think that I need to ask for Tom's help.
I don't think I like Tom as much as you do.
I don't think that I like Tom as much as you do.
I don't think that it'll be all that difficult.
I don't think that I'll sing that song tonight.
I don't think that I can do anything like that.
I don't think that we should drink this water.
I don't think that it's going to be that easy.
I don't think that I've changed all that much.
I don't think I should say anything more.
I don't think that I should say anything more.
I don't think that I should attend that event.
I don't think that Tom has enough experience.
I don't think I'd do anything like that.
I don't think that I'd do anything like that.
I don't think that I have that kind of time.
I don't think that I can help you with that.
I don't think I can wait until Monday.
I don't think that I can wait until Monday.
I don't think that I'd be that interested.
I don't think I can be there by 2:30.
I don't think that I can be there by 2:30.
I don't think that I could tell Tom that.
I don't think I can wait until 2:30.
I don't think that I can wait until 2:30.
I don't think that I'd like that at all.
I don't think that I can wait that long.
I don't think we should eat this.
I don't think that we should eat this.
I don't think that it'll come to that.
I don't think that it'll be that easy.
I don't think that it works like that.
I don't think that I'm ready for that.
I don't think that I said any of that.
I don't think that it works that way.
I don't think that I should eat this.
I don't think that I can handle that.
I think I can be there by 2:30.
I think that I can be there by 2:30.
I don't think that it's that simple.
I don't think I need your help.
I don't think that I need your help.
I don't think that I deserved that.
I don't think that it's that easy.
I don't think that I ordered that.
I don't think that I can eat that.
I don't think that it's that bad.
I don't think that I want that.
I don't think that I said that.
I don't think that I like that.
I don't think that anyone would agree with that statement.
I don't think that anybody would agree with that statement.
I don't think anyone would agree with that statement.
I don't think anybody would agree with that statement.
I don't think that anybody has tried that before.
I don't think that anyone has tried that before.
I don't think that anybody has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think that anyone has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think that anybody has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think that anyone has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think anybody has tried that before.
I don't think anybody has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think anyone has tried doing it that way before.
I don't think anybody has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think anyone has tried to do it that way before.
I don't think that anyone would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think that anybody would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think anyone would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said she's going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary said that she's going to do.
Tom has decided he'll do that.
Tom has decided he'll ask Mary to do that.
Tom has decided that he'll ask Mary to do that.
It's a pity you weren't able to do that.
It's a pity that you weren't able to do that.
It's a pity Tom wasn't able to do that.
It's a pity that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I suggest we do that.
I suggest that we do that.
I hope I'll get a chance to do that again.
I hope that I'll get a chance to do that again.
You know as well as I do there's no chance that Tom will do that.
You know as well as I do there's no chance Tom will do that.
I do that every chance that I get.
I did that every chance that I got.
I hope that I get a chance to do that again.
I hope that I get a chance to do that.
I hope that I get the chance to do that.
I hope that I have the chance to do that.
I hope that I have the chance to try doing that.
I hope that you get the chance to do that.
I wish that I had the chance to do that.
I wish that I had the chance to try doing that.
I wish that we had the chance to do that.
I wish that we had the chance to try doing that.
I'm glad that I had a chance to do that.
I think that I'm going to get a chance to do that.
I think I'm going to get a chance to do that.
I think that I'm going to get the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think I'm going to get the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to get the chance to do that tomorrow.
I think I'm going to get the chance to do that tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to have the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think I'm going to have the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
I think that I'm going to have the chance to do that.
I think I'm going to have the chance to do that.
I think I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
I think that I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
I think I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
I think that I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be given the chance to do that.
I don't think that I'll ever be given the chance to do that.
I don't think I'll get a chance to do that.
I don't think that I'll get a chance to do that.
I just want to see if I can do that.
I just want to see whether I can do that.
I don't think you'll get a chance to do that.
I don't think that you'll get a chance to do that.
Do you think there's any chance you'll be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance you can do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you can do that?
Do you think there's any chance you'll do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll do that?
Do you think there's any chance you'll have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that you'll have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will be able to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom can do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom can do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will have to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will want to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will want to do that?
Do you think there's any chance Tom will need to do that?
Do you think there's any chance that Tom will need to do that?
Tom hopes that he'll get a chance to do that again.
I think there's a good chance that Tom will do that.
I think that there's a good chance that Tom will do that.
I think there's a good chance Tom will do that.
I think that there's a good chance Tom will do that.
There's not much chance Tom will do that.
There's not much chance that Tom will do that.
There's a very good chance I'll do that.
There's a very good chance that I'll do that.
There's a good chance Tom will do that for us.
There's a good chance that Tom will do that for us.
There's a good chance Tom will know how to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will know how to do that.
There's a good chance Tom was the one who did that.
There's a good chance that Tom was the one who did that.
There's a chance Tom won't be able to do that.
There's a chance that Tom won't be able to do that.
I don't think there's any chance I'll be able to do that.
Tom hoped Mary would do that.
I do that whenever I get the chance.
I do that whenever I get the chance to.
There's still a chance Tom will do that.
There's still a chance that Tom will do that.
I think we'll get the chance to do that this afternoon.
I think that we'll get the chance to do that this afternoon.
I didn't really think Tom would be able to do that.
I didn't really think that Tom would be able to do that.
I didn't really think that Tom would do that.
Give someone else a chance to do that.
Give somebody else a chance to do that.
Do you think that there's a chance that Tom will do that?
Do you think there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you think that there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you still think there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Do you still think that there's a chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
I hope Tom gets the chance to do that.
I hope that Tom gets the chance to do that.
Is it possible I'll actually get a chance to do that?
Is it possible that I'll actually get a chance to do that?
What are the chances Tom would want to do that?
What are the chances that Tom would want to do that?
What are the chances Tom would do that?
What are the chances that Tom would do that?
What are the chances Tom will do that?
What are the chances that Tom will do that?
What're the chances I'll be able to do that?
What're the chances that I'll be able to do that?
What're the chances Tom will do that?
What're the chances that Tom will do that?
What're the chances Tom will be able to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will be able to do that?
What're the chances Tom will want to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will want to do that?
What're the chances Tom will want to do that with us?
What're the chances that Tom will want to do that with us?
What're the chances Tom will have to do that?
What're the chances that Tom will have to do that?
Do you think that there's a chance Tom will do that?
There's a very good chance that it was Tom who did that.
There's a good chance Ithat won't be able to do that.
Is there any chance you'll do that tomorrow?
Is there any chance that you'll do that tomorrow?
Is there any chance Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Is there any chance that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Do you think that Tom would do that if he had the chance?
Do you think that Tom would do that again if he had the chance?
I don't think that Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I don't think that Tom knows I don't often do that.
I don't think Tom knows I hardly ever do that.
I don't think Tom knows I don't often do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think we should even try to do that.
I don't think we should even try doing that.
I don't think we should even consider doing that.
I don't think Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that.
I don't think that Tom will forget to do that.
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom was the one who did that.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary had to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary had to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows why I wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I need to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I need to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I have to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I have to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I had to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I had to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I don't like to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I don't like to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I didn't want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why I didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I did that.
I don't think Tom knows why he should do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why he should do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who has to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary wants to do that.
I don't think Tom knows when Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows when I want to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows when I want to do that.
I don't think Tom knows when I did that.
I don't think that Tom knows when I did that.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom knows I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need to do that.
I don't think Tom is the one who did that.
I don't think that that's the safest way to do that.
I don't think that that's the right way to do that.
I don't think either Tom or Mary has ever done that.
I don't think doing that would be such a good idea.
I don't think doing that would be such a bad idea.
I don't think doing that would be a very good idea.
I don't think doing that would be a bad idea.
I don't think doing that is such a good idea.
I don't think doing that's a very good idea.
I don't think that doing that's a very good idea.
I don't think doing that is a very good idea.
I don't think doing that's a good idea.
I don't think that doing that's a good idea.
I don't think doing that is a good idea.
I don't think doing that's a bad idea.
I don't think that doing that's a bad idea.
I don't think doing that is a bad idea.
I don't think that Tom is going to want to do that.
I don't think Tom is going to like doing that.
I don't think that Tom is going to like doing that.
I don't think Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom has to do that today.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think that it's very likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's very likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will want to do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us do that.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will help us do that tomorrow.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will show us how to do that.
I don't think I'll have too much trouble doing that.
I don't think that I'll have too much trouble doing that.
I don't think I'd be that interested in doing that.
I don't think that I'd be that interested in doing that.
I don't think that I have enough time to do that today.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that now.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that now.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that by myself.
I don't think we should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that we should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that with Tom.
I don't think I should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that I should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think we should do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we should do that by ourselves.
I don't think I'd want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd want to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I can help you do that today.
I don't think we should do that with Tom.
I don't think that we should do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should do that by myself.
I don't think I ought to do that anymore.
I don't think that I ought to do that anymore.
I don't think I should do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should do that with Tom.
I don't think I need to do that anymore.
I don't think that I need to do that anymore.
I don't think that I have to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom has done that before.
I don't think that Tom has done that before.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that.
I don't think that I should do that anymore.
I don't think I ought to do that today.
I don't think that I ought to do that today.
I don't think I should do that inside.
I don't think that I should do that inside.
I don't think that I need to do that today.
I don't think that I have to do that today.
I don't think we should do that here.
I don't think that we should do that here.
I don't think I should do that today.
I don't think that I should do that today.
I don't think I can help you do that.
I don't think that I can help you do that.
I don't think I'd do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd do that by myself.
I think I could probably do that.
I think that I could probably do that.
I don't think that I ought to do that.
I don't think that I have to do that.
I don't think that I could do that.
I don't think that I'd do that.
I don't think that anyone would agree to do that.
I don't think that anybody would agree to do that.
I don't think anyone would agree to do that.
I don't think anybody would agree to do that.
I don't think that anybody has tried doing that before.
I don't think that anyone has tried doing that before.
I don't think that anybody has tried to do that before.
I don't think that anyone has tried to do that before.
I don't think anybody has tried doing that before.
I don't think anyone has tried doing that before.
I don't think anybody has tried to do that before.
I don't think anyone has tried to do that before.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as Mary.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as Mary has.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're planning to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're planning to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're planning to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're planning to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you plan to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you plan to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you plan to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you plan to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're planning on doing that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're planning on doing that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're planning on doing that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're planning on doing that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went Australia.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went Australia.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went Australia last month.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went Australia last month.
I don't think that I can buy that for you.
I don't think that I can do that.
I don't think I can be here all day.
I don't think that I can be here all day.
I don't think that I can answer that.
I don't think I can answer that question.
I don't think that I can answer that question.
I don't think that I can afford that.
I don't think I can afford to buy that.
I don't think that I can afford to buy that.
I don't think I can afford to buy something like that.
I don't think that I can afford to buy something like that.
I don't think that anyone would disagree with that statement.
I don't think anybody would disagree with that statement.
I don't think that anybody would disagree with that statement.
I don't think that a native speaker would ever say it that way.
I don't think that a native French speaker would say it that way.
I don't think that your plan will work.
I don't think that your plan is feasible.
I don't think that your name's Tom.
I don't think that your mother will like it.
I don't think that your approach will work.
I don't think that you've understood what I said.
I don't think that you've got much choice.
I don't think I have much choice.
I don't think that I have much choice.
I don't think that I have enough money.
I don't think that you've ever met Tom.
I don't think you've ever done that.
I don't think that you've ever done that.
I don't think that I've ever done that.
I don't think you've done that as many times as I have.
I don't think that you've done that as many times as I have.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as I have.
I don't think that Tom has done that as many times as I have.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as Mary.
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as Mary has.
I don't think that you've broken any bones.
I don't think you've done that right.
I don't think that you've done that right.
I don't think you're finished yet.
I don't think that you're finished yet.
I don't think that you've been listening to me.
I don't think you've been paying attention.
I don't think that you've been paying attention.
I don't think that you're wrong.
I don't think that you're right.
I don't think that you're ugly.
I don't think that you're trying very hard to find Tom.
I don't think you're doing that the right way.
I don't think that you're doing that the right way.
I don't think you're doing that correctly.
I don't think that you're doing that correctly.
I don't think that you're trying hard enough.
I don't think that you're the right person for the job.
I don't think that you're the kind of person who would do that.
I don't think that you're the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who would do that.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think that you're telling the truth.
I don't think that Tom was telling the truth.
I don't think that you're supposed to be here.
I don't think that I'm supposed to be here.
I don't think that we're supposed to be here.
I don't think that Tom is supposed to be here.
I don't think that you're smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that I'm smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that Tom is smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think that you're sick.
I don't think that Tom is sick.
I don't think that you're schizophrenic.
I don't think that you're ready.
I don't think that you're ready to do that.
I don't think that you're ready to do that yet.
I don't think that I'm ready.
I don't think that I'm ready to do that.
I don't think that I'm ready to do that yet.
I don't think that you're lying.
I don't think that you're in any danger.
I don't think that you're heartless.
I don't think that you're going to need me to help you anymore.
I don't think you're going to need my assistance anymore.
I don't think that you're going to need my assistance anymore.
I don't think that you're going to be able to do that.
I don't think that you're funny.
I don't think that you're fit to be a teacher here.
I don't think that you're fat.
I don't think that you're crazy.
I don't think that you're boring.
I don't think that you're being reasonable.
I don't think that you're being realistic.
I don't think that you're being objective.
I don't think that you're being honest.
I don't think that you're as good of a driver as you say you are.
I don't think you're as good of a driver as Tom.
I don't think that you're as good of a driver as Tom.
I don't think that you're allowed to do that.
I don't think that you're allowed to do that here.
I don't think that you'll win.
I don't think that you'll make it.
I don't think that you'll like this.
I don't think that you'll like this movie.
I don't think you'll like this book.
I don't think that you'll like this book.
I think that you'll like this movie.
I think that you'll like this book.
I don't think that you'll like the alternative.
I don't think that you'll have to wait for more than three hours.
I don't think you'll have to wait as long as I did.
I don't think that you'll have to wait as long as I did.
I don't think that you'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think that you'll have the same problems I had.
I don't think that you'll have much fun doing that.
I don't think that you'll get it.
I don't think that you'll ever be able to do that.
I don't think that you'll do that.
I don't think that you'll die today.
I don't think that you'll be permitted to do that.
I don't think that you'll be disappointed.
I don't think that you'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to win.
I don't think that you'll be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think that you'll be able to do that.
I don't think that you'd understand.
I don't think that you'd understand it.
I don't think that you'd recognize Tom anymore.
I don't think that you'd like it.
I don't think that you'd enjoy it.
I don't think that you'd enjoy doing that.
I don't think that you'd do that.
I don't think that you'd be able to do that.
I don't think that you would do that.
I don't think that you want to know the answer.
I don't think that you want to hear about my problems.
I don't think that you understand.
I don't think that you understand what this means.
I don't think that you understand what this means to me.
I don't think that you understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think that you understand the situation.
I don't think you understand what's happening.
I don't think that you understand what's happening.
I don't think you understand what's going on.
I don't think that you understand what's going on.
I don't think you understand the problem.
I don't think that you understand the problem.
I don't think that you understand me.
I don't think that you understand how much this means to me.
I don't think that you understand how important this is.
I don't think that you understand how important this is to me.
I don't think that you two should get married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary should get married.
I don't think that you tried hard enough.
I don't think you've tried hard enough.
I don't think that you've tried hard enough.
I don't think that you should've left early.
I don't think that you should've done that.
I don't think that you should worry so much.
I don't think that you should try to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you should try doing that by yourself.
I don't think that you should trust Tom too much.
I don't think that you should tell Tom what to do.
I think that you should tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that you should tell Tom the truth.
I think that you should tell Tom the truth.
I don't think that you should tell Tom how to do that.
I don't think that you should spend any more time trying to do that.
I don't think that you should show Tom how to do that.
I don't think that you should see Tom anymore.
I don't think that you should say any more.
I don't think that you should quit your job.
I don't think that you should marry Tom.
I don't think that you should leave.
I don't think you should leave until tomorrow.
I don't think that you should leave until tomorrow.
I don't think that you should have done that.
I don't think that you should go.
I don't think that you should go there.
I don't think that you should go there with Tom.
I don't think that you should go there by yourself.
I don't think that you should go there by car.
I don't think that you should get married.
I don't think that you should follow Tom's advice.
I don't think you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I don't think that you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I think that you should do what Tom tells you to do.
I don't think that you should eat so much junk food.
I don't think that you should drive.
I think that you should drive.
I don't think that you should do that with Tom.
I don't think that you should do that today.
I don't think that you should do that now.
I don't think that you should do that here.
I don't think that you should do that by yourself.
I don't think that you should do it.
I don't think that you should call Tom.
I don't think that you should be doing that.
I don't think that you should be doing that now.
I don't think that you should be doing that here.
I don't think that you should be doing that by yourself.
I don't think that you should be alarmed.
I don't think that you should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think that you should agree to do that.
I don't think that you said anything wrong.
I don't think that you really want to know.
I don't think that you really want to do that.
I don't think that you really understand.
I don't think you really understand what needs to be done.
I don't think that you really understand what needs to be done.
I don't think you really understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think that you really understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't think that you really need to do that.
I don't think you really need to do that today.
I don't think that you really need to do that today.
I don't think that you really have to do that.
I don't think you really have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that you really have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that you realize what you've done.
I don't think that you realize what you're suggesting.
I don't think that you realize what you're saying.
I don't think that you realize how much I miss you.
I don't think that you ought to.
I don't think that you ought to do that.
I don't think you ought to do that here.
I don't think that you ought to do that here.
I don't think you ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think that you ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think you ought to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you ought to do that by yourself.
I don't think you ought to do that until this afternoon.
I don't think that you ought to do that until this afternoon.
I don't think that you need to worry so much.
I don't think you need to worry about that anymore.
I don't think that you need to worry about that anymore.
I don't think you need to worry about what might happen.
I don't think that you need to worry about what might happen.
I don't think you need to worry about tomorrow.
I don't think that you need to worry about tomorrow.
I don't think you need to worry about Tom.
I don't think that you need to worry about Tom.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom anything.
I don't think you need to tell Tom everything.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom everything.
I don't think you need to tell Tom you're going to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom you're going to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom that you're going to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom that you're going to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you're planning to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you're planning to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you plan to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you plan to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you did.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you did.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what you're going to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what you're going to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what needs to be done.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what needs to be done.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what he needs to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what he needs to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what he has to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what he has to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary plans to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary plans to do.
I don't think you need to tell Tom what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that you need to say anything more.
I don't think that you need to do that.
I don't think you need to help me anymore.
I don't think that you need to help me anymore.
I don't think you need to do anything more.
I don't think that you need to do anything more.
I don't think you need to help us today.
I don't think that you need to help us today.
I don't think you need to do that if you don't want to.
I don't think that you need to do that if you don't want to.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you did that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you did that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why Mary isn't here.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why Mary isn't here.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you want to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you want to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you have to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you have to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you need to do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you need to do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why Mary wasn't here yesterday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why Mary wasn't here yesterday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on Monday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you weren't here on Monday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why he wasn't invited to Mary's party.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why he wasn't invited to Mary's party.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you didn't do that.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you didn't do that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you were absent yesterday.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you were absent yesterday.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you don't like Mary.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you don't like Mary.
I don't think that you should take Tom to Boston with you.
I don't think that you should go to Boston.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston.
I don't think you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston last week.
I don't think that you need to tell Tom why you went to Boston last week.
Veganism is a way of living that seeks to exclude, as far as possible and practicable, all forms of exploitation of, and cruelty to, animals for food, clothing and any other purpose.
I don't think that we're going to be able to catch the train you want to catch.
I don't think that we're going to be able to catch the train that you want to catch.
I don't think we're going to be able to catch the train you want to catch.
I don't think we're going to be able to catch the train that you want to catch.
I don't think that we'll have any problem with raising the money we need.
I don't think that we'll have any problem with raising the money that we need.
I don't think we'll have any problem with raising the money that we need.
I don't think that you need to do that today.
I don't think that you need to change.
I don't think that you need to be doing this.
I don't think that you need to be at tomorrow's meeting.
I don't think that you need it.
I don't think that you know what you're asking.
I don't think that you know what you want.
I don't think that you know anything.
I don't think that you heard what I said.
I don't think that you heard me.
I don't think that you have to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think that you have to do that.
I don't think that you have to do that today.
I don't think that you have the heart.
I don't think that you have the guts.
I don't think that you have much choice.
I don't think that you have anything to worry about.
I don't think that you have any other choice.
I don't think that you have all the facts.
I don't think that you have a choice.
I don't think that you fully understand the consequences.
I don't think that you did this.
I don't think that you did this by yourself.
I don't think that you did a very thorough job.
I don't think that you did a very good job.
I don't think that you could persuade Tom to do that.
I don't think that you could persuade Tom not to do that.
I don't think that you could ever do that by yourself.
I don't think that you could do that.
I don't think that you can win.
I don't think that you can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think that you can ignore this problem anymore.
I don't think that you can do this.
I don't think that you can do that.
I don't think that you can do that without my help.
I don't think that you can do that by yourself.
I don't think that you can count on Tom.
I don't think that you can convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think that you can change it.
I don't think that you can beat me.
I don't think that you and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that you and I can do that by ourselves.
I don't think that what you're doing is legal.
I don't think that what you need has been invented yet.
I don't think that what we did made any difference.
I don't think that what we did helped.
I don't think that what Tom said was true.
I don't think that what Tom said was accurate.
I don't think that what Tom said made any sense.
I don't think that what Tom did was wrong.
I don't think that we've seen the last of Tom.
I don't think that we've got much time.
I don't think that we've ever met.
I don't think that we've been introduced.
I don't think that we've been helping Tom enough.
I don't think that we've actually met.
I don't think that we're welcome here.
I don't think that we're going to do that.
I don't think we're going to see Tom today.
I don't think that we're going to see Tom today.
I don't think that we're welcome around here anymore.
I don't think that we're there yet.
I don't think that we're right for each other anymore.
I don't think that we're ready.
I don't think that we're ready to leave yet.
I don't think that we're ready to do that yet.
I don't think that we're meant for each other.
I don't think that we're losing.
I don't think that we're going to need Tom's help.
I don't think we're going to need to do that.
I don't think that we're going to need to do that.
I don't think we're going to have to do that.
I don't think that we're going to have to do that.
I don't think that we're going to make it.
I don't think we're going to make it there on time.
I don't think that we're going to make it there on time.
I don't think that we're going to make it to your party.
I don't think we're going to do that today.
I don't think that we're going to do that today.
I don't think we're going to do that with Tom.
I don't think that we're going to do that with Tom.
I don't think we're going to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we're going to do that by ourselves.
I don't think we're going to do that until next week.
I don't think that we're going to do that until next week.
I don't think that we're going to be able to do that.
I don't think we're going to be able to be there.
I don't think that we're going to be able to be there.
I don't think that we're going to be able to be at your party tonight.
I don't think that we're getting anywhere.
I don't think that we're capable of doing that.
I don't think that we're alone.
I don't think we're alone in this cave.
I don't think that we're alone in this cave.
I don't think that we're allowed to do that.
I don't think we'd be allowed to do that.
I don't think that we'd be allowed to do that.
I don't think that we'll win.
I don't think that we'll see Tom again.
I don't think that we'll see each other again.
I don't think we'll see each other again until October.
I don't think that we'll see each other again until October.
I don't think that we'll reach Boston before dark.
I don't think that we'll need to ask Tom to help us do that.
I don't think that we'll need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that we'll meet again.
I don't think we'll meet again for a long time.
I don't think that we'll meet again for a long time.
I don't think that we'll have enough time.
I don't think we'll have enough time to do that.
I don't think that we'll have enough time to do that.
I don't think we'll have enough time to finish doing this today.
I don't think that we'll have enough time to finish doing this today.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can help us.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can help us.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can help us do that.
I don't think that we'll find anyone who can help us do that.
I don't think that we'll ever know.
I don't think we'll ever know what happened.
I don't think that we'll ever know what happened.
I don't think we'll ever know what happened to Tom.
I don't think that we'll ever know what happened to Tom.
I don't think we'll ever know why Tom did that.
I don't think that we'll ever know why Tom did that.
I don't think we'll ever know why Tom didn't do that.
I don't think that we'll ever know why Tom didn't do that.
I don't think we'll ever know what Tom really did.
I don't think that we'll ever know what Tom really did.
I don't think that we'll do that.
I don't think we'll do that here.
I don't think that we'll do that here.
I don't think we'll do that while we're in Boston.
I don't think that we'll do that while we're in Boston.
I don't think we'll do that with Tom.
I don't think that we'll do that with Tom.
I don't think we'll do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we'll do that by ourselves.
I don't think we'll do that anytime soon.
I don't think that we'll do that anytime soon.
I don't think we'll do that in the near future.
I don't think that we'll do that in the near future.
I don't think we'll do that this week.
I don't think that we'll do that this week.
There's no denying Tom is clever.
There's no denying Tom is a good swimmer.
I don't think that we'll be able to win.
I don't think we'll be able to help you.
I don't think that we'll be able to help you.
I don't think we'll be able to help you today.
I don't think that we'll be able to help you today.
I don't think we'll be able to do that until the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that we'll be able to do that until the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem without a little help.
I don't think we'll be able to solve this problem.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem.
I don't think that we'll be able to hang out together tonight.
I don't think that we'll be able to do that.
I don't think that we were spotted.
I don't think that we were seen.
I don't think that we were invited to Tom's party.
I don't think that we were followed.
I don't think that we were confused.
I don't think that we want to know.
I don't think we want to know all the details.
I don't think that we want to know all the details.
I don't think really we want to know all the gory details.
I don't think that really we want to know all the gory details.
I don't think that we should wait.
I don't think that we should wait any longer.
I don't think that we should try doing that again.
I don't think that we should trust Tom.
I don't think we should do that again.
I don't think that we should do that again.
I don't think we should do that anymore.
I don't think that we should do that anymore.
I don't think we should do that now.
I don't think that we should do that now.
I don't think we should do that until next month.
I don't think that we should do that until next month.
I don't think that we should touch anything.
I don't think that we should tell Tom what Mary did.
I don't think we should tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
I don't think that we should tell Tom what Mary did yesterday.
I don't think that we should tell Tom about what we did.
I don't think we should tell anyone just yet.
I don't think that we should tell anyone just yet.
I don't think that we should tell anybody just yet.
I don't think that we should tell anybody about this yet.
I don't think we should tell anybody about what happened here today.
I don't think that we should tell anybody about what happened here today.
I don't think that we should stop right now.
I don't think that we should stay.
I don't think that we should stay here.
I don't think we should stay here any longer.
I don't think that we should stay here any longer.
I don't think we should stay in Boston much longer.
I don't think that we should stay in Boston much longer.
I don't think that we should stay here much longer.
I don't think that we should stay at this hotel.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel where we stayed last time.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel where we stayed last time.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel that we stayed at last time.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel that we stayed at last time.
I don't think we should stay at the same hotel we stayed at last time.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel we stayed at last time.
I'll go out to eat.
When we were kids, we always wanted to grow up. Now that we have grown up, we wish we were aware of it.
Living in a foreign land is a life lesson.
I don't think that we should shut the window.
I don't think we should leave the door unlocked.
I don't think that we should leave the door unlocked.
I don't think we should lock the door.
I don't think that we should lock the door.
I don't think we should open the windows.
I don't think that we should open the windows.
I don't think that we should rely on Tom too much.
I don't think that we should leave yet.
I don't think we should leave until Tom gets here.
I don't think that we should leave until Tom gets here.
I don't think that we should hang around.
I don't think that we should go yet.
I don't think that we should go to Tom's party.
I don't think that we should go this way.
I don't think that we should go outside today.
I don't think that we should go outside in this storm.
I don't think that we should get involved.
I don't think that we should even consider buying a new car at this time.
I don't think that we should do that yet.
I don't think that we should do that the way you've suggested.
I don't think that we should do that the way you're suggesting.
I don't think that we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I don't think that we should delay doing that any longer.
I don't think we should do that today.
I don't think that we should do that today.
I don't think that we should compromise.
I don't think that we should buy this.
I don't think that we should be talking to each other.
I don't think that we should be talking about this.
I don't think that we should be talking about this right now.
I don't think that we should be talking about this here.
I don't think that we should be fighting.
I don't think that we should be doing this.
I don't think we should be doing this now.
I don't think that we should be doing this now.
I don't think that we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I don't think that we should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think that we should agree to do that.
I don't think that we really need to do this.
I don't think that we really need to do that.
I don't think that we really have to do that.
I don't think that we ought to do that.
I don't think we ought to be doing this right now.
I don't think that we ought to be doing this right now.
I don't think that we ought to be doing this.
I don't think that we need to worry.
I don't think we need to worry about that now.
I don't think that we need to worry about that now.
I don't think that we need to wait for Tom.
I don't think that we need to do that.
I don't think we need to do that this week.
I don't think that we need to do that this week.
I don't think that we need to do that today.
I don't think that we need to do it.
I don't think that we need this.
I don't think we need to buy this.
I don't think that we need to buy this.
I don't think that we need this anymore.
I don't think that we need permission to do this.
I don't think we need permission to do that.
I don't think that we need permission to do that.
I don't think that we kept score.
I don't think we have to worry about anyone showing up tonight.
I don't think that we have to worry about anyone showing up tonight.
I don't think that we have to worry about anybody showing up tonight.
I don't think that we have to wait for Tom.
I don't think that we have to stay here any longer.
I don't think we'll need to stay here much longer.
I don't think that we'll need to stay here much longer.
I don't think that we have to go any further.
I don't think that we have to do this.
I don't think that we have to do this now.
I don't think that we have to do that.
I don't think we have to do that this morning.
I don't think that we have to do that this morning.
I don't think that we have to do that today.
I don't think that we have to do anything else.
I don't think we have to do anything else today.
I don't think that we have to do anything else today.
I don't think that we have much time.
I don't think that we have enough time.
I don't think that we have enough time to do that.
I don't think that we have enough money.
I don't think we have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't think that we have enough money to buy everything we need.
I don't think that we have enough food.
I don't think that we have enough food to feed everyone.
I don't think that we have anything to explain.
I don't think that we have any choice.
I don't think we have any choice but to do that.
I don't think that we have any choice but to do that.
I don't think that we have a choice.
I don't think that we did that right.
I don't think that we did it right.
I don't think that we could do that.
I don't think that we could do that even if we tried.
I don't think that we can wait any longer.
I don't think we can wait much longer.
I don't think that we can wait much longer.
I don't think we can wait until October.
I don't think that we can wait until October.
I don't think we can wait until 2:30.
I don't think that we can wait until 2:30.
I don't think we can wait until Monday.
I don't think that we can wait until Monday.
I don't think we can wait until tomorrow.
I don't think that we can wait until tomorrow.
I don't think that we can expect someone else to solve our problems.
I don't think that we can expect somebody else to solve our problems.
I don't think that we can do that without everyone's help.
I don't think that we can do that without everybody's help.
I don't think we can do that without everyone's help.
I don't think we can do that without everybody's help.
I don't think that Tom would've tried to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would've tried doing that by himself.
I don't think that we can trust Tom as much as we used to.
I don't think that we can trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that we can take care of ourselves.
I don't think that we can see each other anymore.
I don't think that we can pull this off.
I don't think that we can make an exception.
I don't think that we can get home by Monday.
I don't think that we can get home by 2:30.
I don't think we can expect somebody else to solve our problems.
I don't think that we can eat this.
I don't think that we can do this.
I don't think we can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that we can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that we can do that by ourselves.
I don't think that we can do that by Monday.
I don't think that we can do that by 2:30.
I don't think that we can do anything right now.
I don't think that we can do anything for Tom.
I don't think we can afford to buy a car right now.
I don't think that we can afford to buy a car right now.
I don't think that we can afford it now.
I don't think that TV will ever take the place of books.
I don't think that traveling by train is as safe as it used to be.
I don't think Tom knows how to play chess.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play chess.
I don't think that Tom's plan is feasible.
I don't think Tom's jokes are very funny.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are very funny.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are particularly funny.
I don't think Tom's jokes are funny.
I don't think that Tom's jokes are funny.
I don't think that Tom's French pronunciation is very good.
I don't think that Tom wrote anything.
I don't think that Tom would've swum by himself.
I don't think that Tom would've permitted you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would've let you do that.
I don't think that Tom would've had the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom would've done that.
I don't think that Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't been there.
I don't think that Tom would've done that for me.
I don't think that Tom would've allowed you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom would understand.
I don't think that Tom would try to kill us.
I don't think that Tom would try to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom would still be willing to do that.
I don't think that Tom would still be nervous.
I don't think that Tom would still be mad.
I don't think that Tom would still be jealous.
I don't think that Tom would still be downstairs.
I don't think that Tom would still be awake.
I don't think that Tom would still be angry.
I don't think that Tom would remember me.
I don't think that Tom would really want to do that.
I don't think that Tom would really do that.
I don't think that Tom would permit you to do that.
I don't think that Tom would permit me to do that.
I don't think that Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom would mind.
I don't think that Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I don't think that Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
I don't think that Tom would mind it if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind if we did that.
I don't think that Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
I don't think that Tom would mind helping you.
I don't think that Tom would mind doing that.
I don't think that Tom would mind doing that for you.
I don't think Tom would make a very good teacher.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good teacher.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good husband.
I don't think that Tom would make a very good boss.
I don't think that Tom would likely do that.
I don't think that Tom would like to do that.
I don't think that Tom would like living here.
I don't think Tom would like living here very much.
I don't think that Tom would like living here very much.
I don't think that Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I don't think that Tom would like it if we did that.
I don't think that Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom would like it if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would like doing that.
I don't think that Tom would like Boston.
I don't think that Tom would lie.
I don't think that Tom would lie to you.
I don't think that Tom would let you win.
I don't think that Tom would let you drive his car.
I don't think that Tom would let you do that.
I don't think Tom would let you do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would let you do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would let me win.
I don't think that Tom would let me ride his horse.
I don't think that Tom would let me kiss him.
I don't think that Tom would let me help him.
I don't think that Tom would let me drive.
I don't think that Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
I don't think that Tom would let me do that.
I don't think that Tom would let me borrow his car.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary win.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary drive.
I don't think that Tom would let Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I don't think that Tom would leave his wife.
I don't think that Tom would hire a private detective.
I don't think that Tom would help us do that.
I don't think that Tom would help me with my homework.
I don't think that Tom would help me do that.
I don't think that Tom would help Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom would have the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom would have fun doing that.
I don't think that Tom would forget to do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever really do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I don't think that Tom would ever let me read his diary.
I don't think that Tom would ever leave his wife.
I don't think that Tom would ever forget you.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that again.
I don't think that Tom would ever consider doing that.
I don't think that Tom would ever be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom would enjoy this movie.
I don't think that Tom would do what you said he did.
I don't think that Tom would do this.
I don't think that Tom would do this kind of thing.
I don't think that Tom would do that on purpose.
I don't think that Tom would do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would do such a thing.
I don't think that Tom would deny it.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that today.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that today.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would care if you did that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would care if Mary did that.
I don't think Tom would care if Mary did that by herself.
I don't think that Tom would care if Mary did that by herself.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that with him.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that with him.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that now.
I don't think that Tom would care if I did that now.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to help us.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be welcomed.
I don't think that Tom would be upset if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would be tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that alone.
I didn't think Tom would be so tired.
I didn't think that Tom would be so tired.
I didn't think that Tom would be so happy.
I don't think Tom would be so discouraged.
I don't think that Tom would be so discouraged.
I don't think Tom would be so busy.
I don't think that Tom would be so busy.
I don't think that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be nervous doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be mad if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be mad if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be mad if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be late unless he had a very good reason.
I don't think that Tom would be jealous.
I don't think that Tom would be interested.
I don't think that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
I don't think that Tom would be impressed.
I don't think Tom would be impressed by what you did.
I don't think that Tom would be impressed by what you did.
I don't think that Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't want to be.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't need to be.
I don't think that Tom would be here if he didn't have to be.
I don't think that Tom would be happy doing that.
I don't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't want to.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't need to.
I don't think that Tom would be doing that if he didn't have to.
I don't think that Tom would be discouraged.
I don't think Tom would be busy.
I don't think that Tom would be busy.
I don't think that Tom would be bored if you told him about your trip.
I don't think that Tom would be angry if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be angry if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be angry if you did that without him.
I don't think that Tom would be amused by what's going on.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I don't think Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid of something like this.
I don't think that Tom would be absent if he weren't sick.
I don't think that Tom would be able to help us.
I don't think that Tom would be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom would approve.
I don't think that Tom would allow you to do that.
I don't think Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would allow you to do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom would allow me to do that.
I don't think Tom would allow me to do that here.
I don't think that Tom would allow me to do that here.
I don't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I don't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that on her own.
I don't think that Tom would agree.
I don't think that Tom would agree with you.
I don't think Tom would agree to do that.
I don't think that Tom would agree to do that.
I don't think that Tom will win.
I don't think that Tom will want your old bicycle.
I don't think that Tom will want to go to the zoo with us.
I don't think that Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom will want to go drinking with us.
I don't think that Tom will want to do that.
I don't think Tom will want to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will want to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will wait very long.
I don't think that Tom will wait until tomorrow to do that.
I don't think that Tom will swim.
I don't think that Tom will study French next year.
I don't think that Tom will stay very long.
I don't think Tom will stay much longer.
I don't think that Tom will stay much longer.
I don't think that Tom will say yes.
I don't think that Tom will resign.
I don't think that Tom will like the soup I made.
I don't think that Tom will like the soup that I made.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom will like doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom will like doing that alone.
I don't think Tom will like doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom will have to do that alone.
I don't think Tom will have to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom will go to Australia next month.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia next month.
I don't think Tom will go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think that Tom will go to Australia with Mary next month.
I don't think that Tom will remember me.
I don't think that Tom will really win.
I don't think that Tom will really do that.
I don't think that Tom will put up much of a fight.
I don't think that Tom will permit you to do that.
I don't think that Tom will permit me to do that.
I don't think that Tom will permit Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will pass today's history test.
I don't think that Tom will notice.
I don't think Tom noticed we were there.
I don't think that Tom noticed we were there.
I don't think that Tom will need to do that.
I don't think that Tom will need our help.
I don't think Tom will need your help.
I don't think that Tom will need your help.
I don't think I'll need your help.
I don't think that I'll need your help.
I don't think that Tom will mind.
I don't think that Tom will make it.
I don't think that Tom will lose.
I don't think that Tom will listen to you.
I don't think that Tom will likely win.
I don't think that Tom will likely do that.
I don't think Tom will likely do that anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom will likely do that anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom will likely cry.
I don't think that Tom will likely be able to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom will like you.
I don't think that Tom will like this.
I don't think Tom will like this cake.
I don't think that Tom will like this cake.
I don't think that Tom will like this place.
I don't think Tom will like the soup that I made.
I don't think that Tom will like me.
I don't think that Tom will like Mary.
I don't think that Tom will like Boston.
I don't think that Tom will know how to do that.
I don't think that Tom will kiss Mary.
I don't think that Tom will hurt Mary.
I don't think that Tom will help me with my homework.
I don't think that Tom will hear us.
I don't think that Tom will have to do that.
I don't think that Tom will have the time to do that today.
I don't think Tom will have the time to do that with us today.
I don't think that Tom will have the time to do that with us today.
I don't think that Tom will have any problems.
I don't think Tom will have any problem doing that.
I don't think that Tom will have any problem doing that.
I don't think that Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
I don't think Tom will go to Boston with us next weekend.
I don't think that Tom will go to Boston with us next weekend.
I don't think that Tom will give you the keys.
I don't think that Tom will give us any trouble.
I don't think that Tom will give it back.
I don't think that Tom will get the job, because he doesn't have enough experience.
I don't think that Tom will get fired.
I don't think Tom will get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom will get fired, at least not this week.
Do you think anybody would care if we didn't do that?
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I don't think that Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks that he will.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks he will.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that as much as he thinks that he will.
I don't think that Tom will cry.
I don't think Tom will come to school today.
I don't think that Tom will come to school today.
I don't think that Tom will come in this morning.
I don't think that Tom will come back.
I don't think that Tom will change.
I don't think that Tom will care whether I do that or not.
I don't think that Tom will believe us.
I don't think Tom will believe that really happened.
I don't think that Tom will believe that really happened.
I don't think that Tom will believe Mary.
I don't think that Tom will believe it.
I don't think that Tom will be worried.
I don't think Tom will be worried about us.
I don't think that Tom will be using this.
I don't think Tom will be using his umbrella today.
I don't think that Tom will be using his umbrella today.
I don't think that Tom will be upset.
I don't think Tom will be upset about that.
I don't think that Tom will be upset about that.
I don't think that Tom will be up at this time of night.
I don't think Tom will be too tired to go dancing.
I don't think that Tom will be too tired to go dancing.
I don't think that Tom will be too much help.
I don't think that Tom will be tired.
I don't think that Tom will be through doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled.
I don't think Tom will be thrilled about what happened.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled about what happened.
I don't think Tom will be thrilled about that.
I don't think that Tom will be thrilled about that.
I don't think that Tom will be there.
I don't think that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom will be the last one here.
I don't think that Tom will be the last one here.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom will be suspicious.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised.
I don't think Tom will be surprised that that happened.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised that that happened.
I don't think Tom will be surprised that happened.
I don't think that Tom will be surprised that happened.
I don't think that Tom will be successful.
I don't think that Tom will be stubborn.
I don't think that Tom will be strict.
I don't think that Tom will be sleeping when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be scared.
I don't think that Tom will be safe here.
I don't think that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be reasonable.
I don't think that Tom will be ready.
I don't think Tom will be ready to leave when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to leave when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be ready to do that until next year.
I don't think that Tom will be punished.
I don't think Tom will be punished for doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be punished for doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be punctual.
I don't think that Tom will be present.
I don't think that Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom will be prepared.
I don't think Tom will be prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be picky.
I don't think that Tom will be permitted to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be overwhelmed.
I don't think that Tom will be obedient.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous doing that.
I don't think Tom will be nervous about that.
I don't think that Tom will be nervous about that.
I don't think that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be mad.
I don't think Tom will be mad at you.
I don't think that Tom will be mad at you.
I don't think that Tom will be lonely.
I don't think that Tom will be late.
I don't think Tom will be late the next time.
I don't think that Tom will be late the next time.
I don't think that Tom will be last.
I don't think that Tom will be jealous.
I don't think that Tom will be interested.
I don't think that Tom will be interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be in his office tomorrow morning.
I don't think that Tom will be in his office on Monday.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next winter.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next week.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next summer.
I don't think that Tom will be in Boston next spring.
I don't think that Tom will be impressed.
I don't think Tom will be impressed by what Mary did.
I don't think that Tom will be impressed by what Mary did.
I don't think that Tom will be impatient.
I don't think that Tom will be hungry.
I don't think that Tom will be honest.
I don't think that Tom will be home this evening.
I don't think that Tom will be home on Monday.
I don't think that Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be here.
I don't think that Tom will be here until after 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be here until 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be here today.
I don't think that Tom will be here this morning.
I don't think that Tom will be here on time.
I don't think that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be going to Boston with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will be furious.
I don't think that Tom will be frightened.
I don't think that Tom will be forgiven.
I don't think that Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think Tom will be as stubborn this time as he was the last time.
I don't think that Tom will be as stubborn this time as he was the last time.
I don't think Tom will be as picky as Mary usually is.
I don't think that Tom will be as picky as Mary usually is.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to leave.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to leave.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to fall asleep.
I don't think that Tom will be the first one to fall asleep.
I don't think Tom will be more careful the next time he does that.
I don't think that Tom will be more careful the next time he does that.
I don't think Tom will be here early.
I don't think that Tom will be here early.
I don't think that Tom will be first.
I don't think that Tom will be fired.
I don't think Tom will be fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom will be fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be finished by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be fair.
I don't think that Tom will be embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom will be early.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that with me.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that today.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom will be doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that again.
I don't think that Tom will be disobedient.
I don't think that Tom will be discreet.
I don't think that Tom will be discouraged.
I don't think that Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I don't think that Tom will be cooperative.
I don't think that Tom will be confused.
I don't think that Tom will be coming in this morning.
I don't think that Tom will be coming back.
I don't think that Tom will be cold.
I don't think that Tom will be careless.
I don't think that Tom will be careless this time.
I don't think Tom will be by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be busy.
I don't think that Tom will be busy tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be busy this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be busy next week.
I don't think that Tom will be bored.
I don't think that Tom will be barefoot.
I don't think that Tom will be back.
I don't think that Tom will be back until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be back soon.
I don't think Tom will be back in time for dinner.
I don't think that Tom will be back in time for dinner.
I don't think Tom will be back before 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be back before 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be awake when you get home.
I don't think that Tom will be awake when I get home.
I don't think that Tom will be awake now.
I don't think that Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I don't think that Tom will be at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will be at school today.
I don't think that Tom will be at home tonight.
I don't think that Tom will be at home this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom will be asleep.
I don't think that Tom will be asleep when we get there.
I don't think that Tom will be as grouchy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom will be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I don't think Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I don't think that Tom will be as careless the next time he does that.
I don't think that Tom will be as careful as he should be.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think Tom will be as busy as you think he'll be.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy as you think he'll be.
I don't think that Tom will be as busy as he thinks he'll be.
I don't think that Tom will be arrested.
I don't think that Tom will be angry.
I don't think that Tom will be amused.
I don't think that Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I don't think that Tom will be alone.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that today.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that today.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that again.
I don't think that Tom will be allowed to do that again.
I don't think that Tom will be afraid.
I don't think that Tom will be absent.
I don't think that Tom will be able to walk for two or three days.
I don't think that Tom will be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to help us.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do what you're asking him to do.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom will be able to do that again.
I don't think that Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think that Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will be able come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will allow you to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow us to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow me to do that.
I don't think that Tom will allow Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom will agree.
I don't think that Tom will agree with you.
I don't think that Tom will agree to do that.
I don't think that Tom will actually do that.
I don't think that Tom was wrong.
I don't think that Tom was worried.
I don't think that Tom was very happy.
I don't think Tom was very happy to see me.
I don't think that Tom was very happy to see me.
I don't think that Tom was upset.
I don't think that Tom was unfair.
I don't think that Tom was trying to escape.
I don't think that Tom was truthful.
I don't think that Tom was through doing that.
I don't think that Tom was thirsty.
I don't think that Tom was the first one to do that.
I don't think Tom was the first one here today.
I don't think that Tom was the first one here today.
I don't think that Tom was tempted.
I don't think that Tom was tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom was talking about me.
I don't think that Tom was sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom was supportive enough.
I don't think that Tom was successful.
I don't think that Tom was stubborn.
I don't think that Tom was so busy today.
I don't think that Tom was sleepy.
I don't think that Tom was sincere.
I don't think that Tom was shy.
I don't think that Tom was shocked.
I don't think Tom was shocked when he saw that happening.
I don't think that Tom was shocked when he saw that happening.
I don't think that Tom was serious.
I don't think Tom was serious about that.
I don't think that Tom was serious about that.
I don't think that Tom was scared.
I don't think that Tom was satisfied.
I don't think Tom was satisfied with the results.
I don't think that Tom was satisfied with the results.
I don't think that Tom was right.
I don't think that Tom was respectful enough.
I don't think that Tom was reasonable.
I don't think that Tom was ready.
I don't think that Tom was ready to do that.
I don't think that Tom was present.
I don't think that Tom was present at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom was prepared.
I don't think that Tom was pleased.
I don't think that Tom was particularly pleased to see me.
I don't think that Tom was offended.
I don't think Tom was offended by that.
I don't think that Tom was offended by that.
I don't think that Tom was nervous.
I don't think that Tom was motivated.
I don't think that Tom was motivated to do that.
I don't think that Tom was mistaken.
I don't think Tom was mistaken about that.
I don't think that Tom was mistaken about that.
I don't think that Tom was mad.
I don't think that Tom was lying.
I don't think Tom was lying about that.
I don't think that Tom was lying about that.
I don't think that Tom was listening very carefully.
I don't think that Tom was late.
I don't think that Tom was kidding.
I don't think that Tom was joking.
I don't think Tom was joking about that.
I don't think that Tom was joking about that.
I don't think that Tom was jealous.
I don't think that Tom was involved.
I don't think that Tom was involved in the scandal.
I don't think Tom was involved in that incident.
I don't think that Tom was involved in that incident.
I don't think that Tom was intrigued.
I don't think that Tom was intoxicated.
I don't think that Tom was intimidated.
I don't think that Tom was interested.
I don't think that Tom was interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom was intentionally being disrespectful.
I don't think that Tom was in.
I don't think that Tom was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom was impressed.
I don't think that Tom was hurt.
I don't think that Tom was honest.
I don't think that Tom was home.
I don't think that Tom was home on Monday.
I don't think that Tom was hesitant to do that.
I don't think that Tom was here.
I don't think Tom was here at that time.
I don't think that Tom was here at that time.
I don't think that Tom was helpful.
I don't think that Tom was happy.
I don't think that Tom was frightened.
I don't think Tom was frightened by that.
I don't think that Tom was frightened by that.
I don't think that Tom was first.
I don't think that Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom was fair.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
I don't think that Tom was expecting you to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom was exhausted.
I don't think that Tom was excited.
I don't think that Tom was embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom was early.
I don't think that Tom was drunk.
I don't think that Tom was downstairs.
I don't think that Tom was done.
I don't think that Tom was doing that.
I don't think that Tom was disrespectful.
I don't think that Tom was disappointed.
I don't think Tom was disappointed with the results.
I don't think that Tom was disappointed with the results.
I don't think that Tom was determined to do that.
I don't think that Tom was depressed.
I don't think that Tom was curious.
I don't think that Tom was correct.
I don't think that Tom was confused.
I don't think that Tom was careful enough.
I don't think that Tom was busy yesterday.
I don't think that Tom was boring.
I don't think that Tom was bored.
I don't think that Tom was being unfair.
I don't think that Tom was being truthful.
I don't think that Tom was being sincere.
I don't think that Tom was being sarcastic.
I don't think Tom was being honest.
I don't think that Tom was being honest.
I don't think Tom was being fair.
I don't think that Tom was being fair.
I don't think that Tom was barefoot.
I don't think that Tom was awake.
I don't think Tom was at home.
I don't think that Tom was at home.
I don't think that Tom was asleep.
I don't think that Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I don't think Tom was as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom was as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom was annoyed.
I don't think that Tom was angry.
I don't think that Tom was amused.
I don't think that Tom was amused by what was going on.
I don't think that Tom was alone.
I don't think that Tom was afraid.
I don't think that Tom was absent.
I don't think Tom is as shy as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as shy as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as shy as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as shy as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom intentionally did that.
I don't think that Tom intentionally did that.
I don't think Tom expected you to do that.
I don't think that Tom expected you to do that.
Sami is Layla's trainer.
Sami ordered some stuff and it was on the way.
Sami is going to the post office.
Sami's camera is still on.
Sami's camera was on.
Sami still has some more t-shirts.
Sami ordered something.
Sami saw Layla's last video.
Sami served at a nightclub.
Sami heard about the incident.
Sami's life isn't that interesting.
Sami's life is not that interesting.
Sami was a very Americanized Egyptian guy.
Sami is an Egyptian guy.
Sami's wife worked at the restaurant with him.
Sami was serving during the dinner setting.
Sami doesn't want to say that girl's real name.
Sami is also Egyptian.
Sami wasn't a legal citizen.
Sami's restraurant is closed now.
Sami was the only documented legal citizen working in that facility.
Sami did whatever Layla said.
Sami was an asshole to anybody.
Sami got into the country by marriage.
Sami was the person who trained me.
Sami was my trainer.
Sami was only there for a few days.
Sami took the tip money off the table.
Sami was stealing the tip money.
Sami doesn't know anything about taxes.
Sami has already paid his taxes.
Sami was gullible.
Sami has been working there for a while.
Sami knows this, too.
Sami was gone somewhere.
Sami wanted to buy some more ingredients.
Sami has got a bottle of wine.
Sami kept the bottle of wine in his car.
Sami was drinking wine in his car.
Sami stole a bottle of wine from the restaurant.
Sami put the bottle of wine in his car.
Sami was stealing wine from the restaurant he worked at.
Sami was doing a pretty good job.
Sami was actually doing a pretty good job.
Sami was scared of doing something wrong.
Sami started giggling.
Sami ate Layla's food.
Sami wanted that.
Sami took food off Layla's plate and ate it.
Sami was taking food off Layla's plate.
Sami is six years older than me.
Sami was like fifteen, sixteen.
Sami was alcoholic.
Sami came to work sweating.
Sami stole beer from the restaurant kitchen.
Sami had been drinking.
Sami was drunk as fuck.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that alone.
I don't think Tom wants to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom should've done that by himself.
I don't think that Tom should've done that alone.
I don't think Tom should've done that by himself.
I don't think Tom should've done that alone.
I don't think that Tom should do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom should do that alone.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that alone.
I don't think Tom ought to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom ought to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that alone.
I don't think Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom needs to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that alone.
I don't think Tom needed to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom needed to do that alone.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that alone.
I don't think Tom likes doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom likes doing that alone.
I don't think that Tom likes anyone.
I don't think that Tom likes anybody.
I don't think Tom likes anyone.
Sami ate all the food.
I don't think that Tom knows that you were helping me.
I don't think that Tom knows that you have a boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom knows that we're here.
I don't think that Tom knows that we still have a lot to do.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary shouldn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary should do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary knows how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary did that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I've never done that before.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Mary's brother.
I don't think that Tom knows that I'm Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom knows that I still have this.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's supposed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to park there.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's going to be fired.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's going to be arrested.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't do that here.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think that Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows that he has to do that today.
I don't think that Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I don't think that Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I don't think Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I don't think that Tom knows you're here.
I don't think that Tom knows that you're here.
I don't think Tom knows that you're here.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that alone.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows why you did that alone.
I don't think Tom knows why you did that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought the dress she's wearing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought the dress that she's wearing.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary bought the dress that she's wearing.
I don't think that Tom knows what you're planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what you're planning on do.
I don't think Tom knows what you're planning on do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is planning on doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm planning to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what I'm planning on doing.
Tom ate all the food that I had stashed.
Sami's wife is here.
Sami is only here during breakfast.
Sami wondered why Layla was there.
Sami noticed that Farid's wife was there.
Sami's wife was there.
Sami's wife was staring at Layla.
Sami is lying as fuck.
Sami collected the tips.
Sami said he didn't know that.
Sami knew about the bottle of wine.
Sami won't do this again.
Sami will fire Layla.
Sami wants to fire Layla.
Sami didn't want to penalize Layla.
Sami came in a little bit later.
Sami is doing his stuff.
Sami can't stop walking.
Sami stole from the restaurant.
Sami stole from Layla's restaurant.
Sami got a call six days later from a number he didn't know.
Sami answered the call and it was Layla.
Sami said that as polite as he could.
Sami isn't Layla's friend. He's her co-worker.
Sami is not Layla's friend. He is her co-worker.
Sami's food tastes like shit.
Sami had hard feelings.
Sami went to an Indian grocery store.
Sami contacted the owner of the restaurant.
Sami stole all of Layla's shit.
Sami stole all of Layla's stuff.
Sami trained Layla to steal.
Sami's camera is trash.
Sami needs a tripod to film this video.
Sami said he saw a ghost.
Sami is wasting time.
Sami has had a paranormal experience.
Sami remembers this story.
Sami used to live in a one-hundred year old house.
Sami talked to himself.
Sami was talking back and forth with a ghost.
Sami doesn't remember seeing anything.
Sami saw some shit in that haunted house.
Sami will never forget that mental image.
Sami isn't talking about that.
Sami is not talking about that.
Sami has apparently got some time to waste.
Sami moved to his sixth apartment in Cairo in 2006.
Sami lives in a really quiet neighborhood.
Sami's neighborhood was relatively new.
Sami isn't part of the story.
Sami cut a hole in the ceiling.
Sami's room was right here.
Sami's bathroom was in the middle.
Sami and Layla were in the living room.
Sami didn't feel OK.
Sami and Layla were sitting in the living room, watching TV.
Sami and Layla were watching TV in the living room.
Sami bust out, laughing.
Sami knew nothing about that.
Sami and Layla were laughing.
Sami saw the cabinet door in the kitchen slam open.
Sami and Layla were shocked.
Sami woke up his mother.
Sami was going to use that rice for dinner.
Sami was going with Layla.
Sami was already so used to that happening.
Sami was already so used to that.
Sami will be more safe there.
Sami will be more safe in his bedroom.
Sami had a laptop at the time.
Sami started smelling soda.
Sami drank dark soda all the time.
Sami's grandfather passed away.
Mennad never had wine in his house.
Sami was trying to warn Layla.
Sami felt like that noise was a warning.
Sami was attracted to this.
Sami never gravitated around wine.
Sami wanted to stay in his room.
Sami walked past the bathroom and didn't notice anything strange.
Sami walked by the bathroom and didn't hear anything.
Sami passed the bathroom door and didn't hear anything weird.
Sami really doesn't know what this is.
Sami looked behind him.
Sami saw a ghost behind him.
Sami turned around and saw a ghost behind him.
Sami's dog pooped in the laundry room.
I don't think that Tom knows there's still work to do.
I don't think that Tom knows that there's still work to do.
I don't think Tom knows that there's still work to do.
I don't think that Tom knows everyone's name yet.
I don't think that Tom knows everybody's name yet.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who's able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who's able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who's able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone here.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody here.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone at our school.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody at our school.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who is able to do that.
Sami said that the ghost he saw had the body of a toddler.
Sami was talking about the ghost he saw.
Sami didn't believe in ghosts.
Sami isn't sensitive to things like that.
Sami is not sensitive to things like that.
Sami started selling Layla's body for money.
Sami had a mentally challenged daughter.
Sami started selling the body of his mentally challenged daughter for money.
Sami is a cruel monster.
Sami blurred out Layla's face in the video.
Sami blurred out Layla's name in his video.
Sami met that girl in 2006.
Sami and Layla are really close friends.
Sami was at Layla's house every single day.
Sami and Layla were waiting for the bus together.
Sami lives in this part of Cairo.
Sami lived in a big city.
Sami and Layla didn't see each other often.
Sami's parents worked.
Sami said that both of his parents worked.
Sami moved to Layla's side of town.
Sami has changed a little bit.
Sami and Layla were so close.
Layla got her first girl moment when she was twelve.
Sami was talking about things that Farid didn't do until he was probably seventeen or eighteen.
Sami was talking about girls.
Layla wanted to sneak out and go to a nightclub.
Layla was very boy-crazy.
Sami and Layla stopped chilling.
Layla was already smashing dudes when she was twelve.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in a long time.
Sami isn't going to say his real name.
Sami was trying to fuck everything.
Sami texted Layla in the morning.
Sami should text Layla about this.
Sami sent Layla a picture of Farid.
Layla was not that type of girl to get in any trouble.
Layla wasn't that type of girl to get in any trouble.
Layla got involved with that boy.
Sami just kept talking to Layla.
Sami was mentally challenged.
Sami tried to kidnap a mentally challenged woman.
Sami started selling his daughter's body for money.
Sami was being held hostage for a whole month.
Sami made Layla smoke weed.
Sami would beat Layla every day.
Sami was involved in this event.
Sami's only friend was Farid.
Sami gave Layla food.
Sami was collecting money from the local prostitutes.
Sami was a pimp.
Sami had a sister.
Layla looked very similar to Sami's sister.
Sami was rescued by the police.
Sami was arrested with his girlfriend.
Sami couldn't even count money.
Layla was sold into slavery.
Sami can't count money.
Mennad watched the news.
Sami was in a jumpsuit and handcuffs.
Sami really didn't look remorseful.
Sami knows that Layla is not a bad person.
Sami knows that Layla isn't a bad person.
Sami became so cold and heartless.
Layla was trying to be motherly to Sami's children.
Sami was trying to be motherly to Sami's kids.
Sami deleted his Facebook.
Sami had a mentally challenged sister.
Sami wanted to sell his mentally challenged sister into slavery.
Sami was mentally disabled.
Sami is evil.
Sami has a choice.
Sami had a choice.
Sami kept watching the news.
Sami is still sitting in his cell.
Sami put Layla through much pain and suffering.
Sami was caught smoking weed.
Sami doesn't make up these stories. They are real.
Sami is in this story, too.
Sami made a two-part video about this.
Sami was around sixteen at the time.
Sami has multiple sexual partners.
Sami used to work nights.
Sami snuck out at night.
Sami come home before six in the morning.
Sami was typing something.
Sami has some weed.
Sami is getting in Layla's car.
Sami went to Layla's apartment.
They were right about everything.
Sami went to Layla's apartment to smoke some weed.
Sami was hanging out in Layla's apartment.
Sami didn't want to smoke weed in his apartment.
Sami never kept weed in his apartment.
Sami didn't want to buy weed.
Sami didn't buy weed that night.
Sami drove through Layla's neighborhood.
Sami didn't see any cops.
Sami parked his car in Layla's apartment complex.
Sami parked his car in the parking lot of Layla's apartment complex.
Sami starts giggling every time he smokes weed.
Sami found some weed in Layla's closet.
Sami needed some money to buy weed.
Sami needed money to buy some weed.
Sami gave Layla some money to buy weed.
Sami was looking back at me.
Sami gave Layla money to buy some weed.
Sami started smoking weed at sixteen.
Sami kept smoking weed.
Sami still smokes weed.
Sami smoked weed in front of his children.
Sami was smoking weed and talking.
Sami is smoking weed and drinking.
Sami was smoking weed in his office.
Sami stole Layla's weed.
Sami never gets in trouble.
Sami was smoking weed in the back seat.
Sami was smoking weed in the school bathroom.
Sami is smoking weed in the park.
Sami was tired of that.
Sami saw the cops.
Sami didn't see any cops in the neighborhood.
Sami's license was suspended.
Sami wasn't a big drinker.
Sami was drinking most of the alcohol.
Sami doesn't drink much.
Sami gave his ID to the cop.
Sami was quiet as fuck.
Sami stopped yelling.
Sami asked Layla why she was there.
Sami doesn't have a driver's license yet.
Sami was being quiet.
Sami's mom was in the military.
Sami was being so beligerant.
Sami wanted us to go to jail.
Sami's driver's license is suspended.
Sami came back to the car.
Sami's license is suspended.
Sami shouldn't be here.
How long have you been watching them?
Sami's car was searched.
Sami was next to me.
Sami kept crying.
Sami gave the cop a fake ID.
Sami's ID isn't fake.
Sami was from Egypt.
Sami caught Layla smoking weed.
Sami can't drive now.
Sami can't take his mom's car.
Sami is spending the night here.
Sami has been smoking weed all night.
Sami started yelling at the cop.
Sami got arrested immediately.
Sami just wanted to go home.
Sami wants to smoke a blunt.
Sami drove Layla's car to his house.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's car.
Sami and Layla both looked at Farid.
Sami was scared as fuck.
Sami quit smoking weed.
Sami doesn't want to smoke weed.
Sami never got caught again.
Sami was smoking weed in public places.
Sami was caught smoking weed in a public place.
I need a hair gel dispenser on my belt.
Don’t get discouraged!
Sleep cures all.
Sami stole a new car.
Sami's birthday was yesterday.
Sami loves you, guys.
Sami was soo cool.
Sami and Layla chilled.
Sami was live on Facebook.
Some teachers instinctively know how to play “favorites” to manipulate the other students.
Sami still watches Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami wasn't part of that group.
Sami started talking to Layla's sister.
Sami invited Layla to his sixteenth birthday.
Sami invited Layla to his 16th birthday.
Sami was over there a lot.
Sami and Layla hung out a lot.
Sami wants to invite Layla to his apartment.
Tom's eyebrows are quite bushy.
Sami has an Ford Focus.
Sami and Layla were chilling in his apartment.
Sami has a car.
Sami had a car.
Sami needs to handle this first.
Sami had a friend that worked at that dealership.
Sami and Layla were going to the same high school.
Sami worked at that car dealership.
Sami is a car thief.
Sami is an experienced car thief.
Sami is a professional car thief.
Due to the Norman invasion of England, a large percentage of the English language is actually French.
Sami talked to his manager about that.
Sami was running back and forth.
Sami was sitting in his office.
Sami came over and talked to us.
Sami is taking Layla's car.
Sami can't leave his car here.
Sami's car was at Layla's house.
Sami took his car to the dealership to have it checked.
Sami was stuck in the middle of the desert.
Sami was stranded in the middle of nowhere.
Sami sped off.
Sami has never done this before.
Sami's store closes before six.
Sami walked past the reception.
Sami is having a shitty day.
Sami tried to steal a car from the dealership parking lot.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anyone who does that.
I don't think that Tom knows anybody who does that.
I don't think Tom knows anyone who does that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who does that.
I don't think that Tom is the person you should be talking to.
I don't think that Tom is the person that you should be talking to.
I don't think Tom is the person that you should be talking to.
I don't think that Tom is as selfish as everyone thinks he is.
I don't think that Tom is as selfish as everybody thinks he is.
I don't think Tom is as selfish as everyone thinks he is.
I don't think Tom is as selfish as everybody thinks he is.
I don't think that Tom is nosy.
I don't think that Tom is nosey.
I don't think Tom is nosey.
I don't think that Tom is as crazy as some people think.
I don't think that Tom is as crazy as some people think he is.
I don't think Tom is as crazy as some people think.
I don't think Tom is as crazy as some people think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as smart as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as smart as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as smart as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as Mary is.
I don't think Tom is as rich as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as influential as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as influential as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom is as handsome as John.
I don't think that Tom is as handsome as John is.
I don't think Tom is as handsome as John is.
I don't think that Tom is as good-looking as John.
I don't think that Tom is as good-looking as John is.
I don't think Tom is as good-looking as John is.
I don't think that Tom is as fast as me.
I don't think that Tom is as fast as I am.
I don't think that Tom is as creative as Mary.
I don't think that Tom is as creative as Mary is.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as Mary.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has anyone to help him.
I don't think that Tom has anybody to help him.
I think Tom has ulterior motives.
I think that Tom has ulterior motives.
I don't think that Tom does that as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom can play the violin as well as Mary.
I don't think that Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
Sami walked back into the supermarket.
I don't think Tom can play the violin as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom can play the violin as well as Mary can.
I don't think that this is the one that I lost.
I don't think that this is the one I lost.
I don't think this is the one that I lost.
I don't think that there's anybody who hates Tom.
I don't think that there's anyone who hates Tom.
I don't think there's anybody who hates Tom.
I don't think that there's anybody in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think that there's anyone in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think there's anybody in the world who's done what I've done.
I don't think that there's anybody in the classroom.
I don't think that there's anyone in the classroom.
I don't think there's anybody in the classroom.
I don't think that there's anyone there.
I don't think that there's anybody there.
I don't think there's anyone there.
I don't think that there'll be any problem.
I don't think that there will be any problems.
I don't think that there's a doctor here.
I don't think that there is a doctor here.
Sami was still in there.
Sami hit Layla's car on purpose.
Tom is a bipedal great ape and he enjoys drinking various concoctions of fermented grains after his daily time-based enslavement.
Sami's car alarm system is broken.
Sami's car was stolen.
Sami sat in the office with the girls.
Sami was in the room with Layla.
Sami just sat there.
Sami was going to get caught.
Layla picked up her purse and left the room.
Sami saw Layla's car pull up.
Sami slammed the door close.
Sami slammed the car door close.
Sami parked the stolen car in a different neighborhood.
Mennad took the car back to Baya's house.
Sami told Layla to park the car like that.
Sami is experienced at stealing cars.
Sami taught Layla how to steal cars.
Sami doesn't know who stole his car.
Sami was caught trying to steal Layla's car.
Sami returned Layla's car.
Sami stole a car every week.
Don’t fool yourself. Grain is grass. Don’t waste your money on fodder.
Tom is a Romani manele singer.
Tom likes to curse in Romanian.
Don’t use such vulgarity!
I am a Viking.
Do you have a plan B?
We need a plan B.
I doubt it can get any worse.
I doubt that it can get any worse.
I doubt things can get any worse.
I doubt that things can get any worse.
I don't think that many people can say they're satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that it's worth the price you paid for it.
I don't think that it's worth the price that you paid for it.
I don't think it's worth the price you paid for it.
I don't think it's worth the price that you paid for it.
I don't think that it's worth the price they're asking.
I don't think that it's worth the price that they're asking.
I don't think it's worth the price that they're asking.
I don't think that it's just me who thinks that what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think that it's just me who thinks what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think it's just me who thinks that what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think it's just me who thinks what Tom is doing is wrong.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think that it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think it's fair to single Tom out.
I don't think that it's fair to single Tom out.
I don't think that it's fair to single out Tom.
I don't think that it's anyone's fault.
I don't think that it's anybody's fault.
I don't think it's anyone's fault.
I don't think that it's a hard decision.
I don't think that it's a difficult decision.
I don't think that it'll be difficult to for me do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard to for me do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard to do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be difficult for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it'll be hard for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would be hard to do that.
I don't think that it would be difficult to do that.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think that it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think that it'll rain this afternoon.
I don't think that it will rain this afternoon.
I don't think that I've made enough spaghetti for everybody.
I don't think that I've made enough spaghetti for everyone.
I don't think I've made enough spaghetti for everybody.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody try it before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone try it before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody try it before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody try doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone try doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody try doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone try doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody doing that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone doing that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody do that before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anyone do that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anybody do that before.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone do that before.
Sami bought a wig for sixty dollars.
Layla was in love with that wig.
Layla was obsessed with that wig.
Sami snuck into Layla's house.
Sami doesn't get caught.
Sami never got caught.
Sami is in high school now.
Sami was in high school at the time.
Sami was still in high school at the time.
Sami is still in high school.
Sami didn't give a fuck anymore.
Sami felt so at peace.
Sami didn't care anymore.
Sami and Layla were at the beginning stages of their friendship.
Sami's parents loved Layla.
Sami loved Layla's parents.
Sami was that type of kid.
Sami was always grounded.
Sami was grounded for insignificant reasons.
Sami is often grounded by his parents.
Sami still hasn't done it.
Sami was grounded for a month.
Sami was grounded by something so insignificant.
Sami was grounded by his mom.
Sami got grounded by his stepfather.
Sami gave Layla no privacy.
Sami didn't give any privacy to his daughters.
Sami was always getting grounded for the stupidest shit.
Sami couldn't leave the house. He was grounded.
Sami was grounded.
Sami and Layla were chilling in her house.
Sami started taking pictures for Tumblr.
Sami is taking pictures for Instagram.
Sami doesn't remember what he did.
Sami tried to sneak into Layla's house.
Sami can't come over.
Sami is grounded.
Sami is grounded and can't come over.
Sami can't come over because he is grounded.
Sami can't come over because he's grounded.
Sami was really bored.
Sami had to go home.
Sami and Layla messaged each other.
Sami had a family computer in the living room.
Sami had a laptop in his room.
Sami grounded his daugther for six weeks.
Sami was grounded for six days.
Sami grounded his stepdaughter.
Sami couldn't go to his house.
Sami didn't get grounded.
Sami doesn't let people in his house at all.
Sami didn't let people in his house either.
Sami's mother was very laid-back.
Sami doesn't even remember why he got grounded.
Sami's punishment was really extreme.
Sami threw remote controls at Layla.
Mennad isn't going into Layla's house.
Sami is going to Layla's house.
Sami and Layla were both upstairs.
Sami's living room is downstairs.
Sami was downstairs as well.
Sami had a big bedroom upstairs.
Sami's twins slept in this room.
Sami's twins slept in the big room.
Sami heard the front door unlock.
Sami and Layla both got silent and looked at each other.
Sami was caught in Layla's house.
Sami got caught in Layla's house.
Sami will tell another story after this one.
Sami got in the closet.
Sami hid in Layla's closet.
Sami got into the closet.
Sami hid himself behind the clothes in Layla's closet.
Sami hid Layla in his closet.
Sami was going downstairs.
Sami was moving downstairs.
Sami ruined the trust between Layla and Farid.
Sami's mom was six years younger than my mom.
Sami doesn't like Layla's family.
Sami was in a romantic relationship with Layla.
Sami fucked up the trust between Layla and Farid.
Sami smelt shoes.
Sami was sweating in that closet.
Sami came in the closet.
Sami spent the night, hidden in the closet.
Sami is going to get Layla out of there.
Sami was trying to get Layla out of there.
Sami found Layla hiding in his closet.
Mennad snuck in people's houses.
Sami is calling your mom.
Sami opened the back door.
Sami just kept running.
Sami ran down the stairs.
Sami's room was open.
Sami opened the patio door.
Sami's back door is open.
Sami's door made a strange noise.
Sami was opening the door.
Sami started tiptoeing down the stairs.
Sami tiptoed down the stairs.
Sami ran out that back door.
Sami ran his ass home.
Sami ran out the door.
Sami was nobody's brother.
Sami didn't get caught that time.
Sami got caught that time.
Sami has only been friends with Layla for six months.
Sami was in the house the whole time.
Sami smoked weed in Layla's room.
I don't think I've ever met anybody like you.
I don't think that I've ever met anyone like you.
I don't think that I've ever met anybody like you.
I don't think I've ever hated anybody so much.
I don't think that I've ever hated anyone so much.
I don't think that I've ever hated anybody so much.
I don't think that I've bought everything that I need.
I don't think that I've bought everything I need.
I don't think I've bought everything that I need.
I don't think I'm the person that you're looking for.
I don't think that I'm the person you're looking for.
I don't think that I'm the person that you're looking for.
I don't think that I'd ever want to do that by alone.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that by alone.
I don't think I should've left before Tom.
I don't think that I should've left before Tom did.
I don't think that I should've left before Tom.
I don't think I should've left before Tom did.
I think Tom likes strawberry ice cream.
I think that Tom likes strawberry ice cream.
I think Tom always wears a helmet when he rides his motorcycle.
I think that Tom always wears a helmet when he rides his motorcycle.
I don't think that it's necessary for me to sound like a native speaker. I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker, and I don't really think I need to.
I don't think it was fair for Tom to get paid while the rest of us worked for free.
I don't think that it was fair for Tom to get paid while the rest of us worked for free.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary kept doing that even though he'd asked her not to.
I don't think that there's going to be any food left by the time we get to Tom's party.
I don't think Tom will know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
I don't think that Tom will know whether he can do that or not until he tries doing it.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to buy with the money her father gave her.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to buy with the money her father gave her.
I don't think that Tom is the only one who doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to paint his house.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to get his car painted.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to get his car painted.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella with me, just in case.
I don't think that it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case it does.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to stay in Boston for a week.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to stay in Boston for a week.
I don't think Tom knows how many hours it'll take him to drive to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how many hours it'll take him to drive to Boston.
I don't think Tom is the type of person who would do something like that.
I don't think that Tom is the type of person who would do something like that.
I don't think that I've ever heard either Tom or Mary complain about anything.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to reroof his house.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to reroof his house.
I don't think that I'll be able to translate this document without your help.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to get a visa.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to get a visa.
I don't think I'll be lonely anymore, now that you're all here with me.
I don't think that I'll be lonely anymore, now that you're all here with me.
I don't think that the gun is loaded, but you should still be very careful.
I don't think many people can say they're satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think that it really matters who does this as long as it gets done.
I don't think it really matters who does that as long as it gets done.
I don't think that it really matters who does that as long as it gets done.
I don't think that Tom really has enough time to finish writing the report.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that by himself.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to go Boston by yourself.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to go Boston by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary needs to do the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary needs to do the day after tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of guy who would do that kind of thing.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about what Tom might do.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about what Tom might do.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would take more than 15 minutes to clean your room.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning on doing that next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time it'll take for him to do that.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I don't think that I want to answer any more of your questions right now.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this matter with you.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to come to the office today.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to come to the office today.
I don't think that Tom wanted to show us the pictures on his smartphone.
I don't think Tom realizes how long we've spent doing that already.
I don't think that Tom realizes how long we've spent doing that already.
I don't think Tom knows how many hours he's going to have to wait.
I don't think that Tom knows how many hours he's going to have to wait.
I don't think that I'll have enough time to do everything I want to do.
I don't think that there's any way I can get this report done on time.
I don't think that married people should have secrets from each other.
I don't think it's a very good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think that it's a very good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think it's a coincidence that Tom and Mary are both here.
I don't think that it's a coincidence that Tom and Mary are both here.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary worked when she was in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary worked when she was in Boston.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary wants to do tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to do tomorrow afternoon.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do about that.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do about that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can speak French better than he can.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can speak French better than he can.
I don't think that Tom has time today to do everything he needs to do.
I don't think that I'd be interested in buying any of Tom's paintings.
I don't think that I should tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this at this time.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this at this time.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you about what we did.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you about what we did.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to go Boston by yourself.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is going to do this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do this afternoon.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom knows how much money was stolen from the safe.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was stolen from the safe.
I don't think that Tom is the only one who had to go to the hospital.
I don't think Tom is going to get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom is going to get fired, at least not this week.
I don't think that Tom has been doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain about Mary's cooking.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about Mary's cooking.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that without some help.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that without some help.
I don't think that this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without Tom's help.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this any further.
I don't think my ex-girlfriend and I'd ever start dating again.
I don't think that my ex-girlfriend and I'd ever start dating again.
I don't think it's important for Tom to attend today's meeting.
I don't think that it's important for Tom to attend today's meeting.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think it's going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think Tom knows how long it's going to take to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows how long it's going to take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows for certain when Mary will be arriving.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will be arriving.
I don't think Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost to do that.
I don't think Tom is strong enough to lift that box by himself.
I don't think that Tom is strong enough to lift that box by himself.
I don't think Mary will be happy living with her mother-in-law.
I don't think that Mary will be happy living with her mother-in-law.
I don't think that I'll be able to make myself understood in French.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without your help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without your help.
I don't think there's any way I can do that without some help.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that without some help.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom has to do that today.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom has to do that today.
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think it would be a good idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that by ourselves.
I don't think Tom likes living in Boston as much as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom likes living in Boston as much as Mary does.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing now.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary and John are fighting about.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary and John are fighting about.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do for me tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do for me tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for this particular job.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think I'd ever be able to do that as fast as Tom does.
I don't think that I'd ever be able to do that as fast as Tom does.
I don't think that I'd be able to forgive Tom if he did that to me.
I don't think I can translate this document without your help.
I don't think that I can translate this document without your help.
I don't think there's any point in discussing this right now.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this right now.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to attend the meeting.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that if you help me.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that if you help me.
I don't think it'll be possible to do that without some help.
I don't think that it'll be possible to do that without some help.
I don't think it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think that it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think it would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
I don't think that Tom should drive home since he's been drinking.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing today.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing today.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do tomorrow morning.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do tomorrow morning.
I don't think Tom knows that he's not supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he'll be doing tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he'll be doing tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has time to buy everything he needs to buy.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who like mountain climbing.
I don't think that I've ever met anybody who knows how to do that.
I don't think that I've ever heard you complain about the weather.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about the weather.
I don't think I'll likely do that if you don't do it with me.
I don't think that I'll likely do that if you don't do it with me.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that outside in the winter.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that outside in the winter.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this with Tom.
I don't think that there's any need for me to attend the meeting.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you what happened.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you what happened.
I don't think that it's a good idea for you to hang out with Tom.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
I don't think that Tom lied to us, but I know Mary thinks he did.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go next weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go next weekend.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary expects him to do for her.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects him to do for her.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to go to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to go to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will get here.
I don't think that Tom is going to want to go to Boston with you.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you eat his piece of cake.
I don't think Tom has enough time to write the report today.
I don't think that Tom has enough time to write the report today.
I don't think Tom has any idea what Mary has to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever played tennis together.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever gone swimming together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever gone swimming together.
I don't think that I've ever met anyone who knows how to do that.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what you've asked me to do.
I don't think there's any harm in telling you what Tom did.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you what Tom did.
I don't think Tom really has time to help you this morning.
I don't think that Tom really has time to help you this morning.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is planning on doing that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has to do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that by herself.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to buy for her.
I don't think Tom knows for certain when Mary will do that.
I don't think that Tom knows for certain when Mary will do that.
I don't think Tom is interested in going to Boston with us.
I don't think that Tom is interested in going to Boston with us.
I don't think that Tom is as wealthy as most people think he is.
I don't think that I've ever been this close to falling in love.
I don't think I'm drunk enough to enjoy this kind of music.
I don't think that I'm drunk enough to enjoy this kind of music.
I don't think I'll be able to do what I wanted to do today.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I wanted to do today.
I don't think this is how we're supposed to be doing this.
I don't think that this is how we're supposed to be doing this.
I don't think that this is an appropriate time to discuss this.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom needs to do that.
I don't think that it's safe to go out in this kind of weather.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think Tom realizes how well Mary can speak French.
I don't think that Tom realizes how well Mary can speak French.
I don't think that Tom realizes how long it'll take to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is doing that by herself.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is doing that by herself.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary didn't do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary went to the concert with.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is going to do tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows how much it'll cost to get a visa.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost to get a visa.
I don't think Tom knows how long he'll be in the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows how long he'll be in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he ought to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he ought to be doing.
I don't think that Tom is the type of person who would do that.
I don't think that I've ever heard you complain about anything.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about anything.
I don't think that I'll be able to finish doing this by myself.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this today.
I don't think that it's possible to do this without some help.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to convince Tom.
I don't think it'll take very long to paint your bicycle.
I don't think that it'll take very long to paint your bicycle.
I don't think it'll take long for us to paint this fence.
I don't think that it'll take long for us to paint this fence.
I don't think it'll take long for me to fix that for you.
I don't think that it'll take long for me to fix that for you.
I don't think that Tom wants to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys playing tennis with Mary.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help Mary do that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes swimming.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes shopping.
I don't think that Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
I don't think Tom can deal with the situation by himself.
I don't think that Tom can deal with the situation by himself.
I don't think Tom and Mary will get married anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will get married anytime soon.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are ever going to get married.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what Tom wants me to do.
I don't think that I would have ever said what you say I said.
I don't think that this is the time or place to discuss this.
I don't think that there's any reason why Tom has to do that.
I don't think that there is any way I can win this triathlon.
I don't think that our French teacher is a very good teacher.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that with Tom.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that with Tom.
I don't think that it'll be too long before we see Tom again.
I don't think that it would work as well as you might expect.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom really knows how to do that very well.
I don't think Tom realizes just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom realizes just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom realized just how much Mary loved him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary dropped out of college.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help him do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help him do that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that with him.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that with him.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary can do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go swimming.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go swimming.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary learned how to drive.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave for Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what the homework assignment is.
I don't think that Tom knows the reason Mary is absent today.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary wants to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows how to cook sweet and sour pork.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook sweet and sour pork.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly when Mary will get home.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom knows as much about this as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom knows as much about this as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom is tall enough to reach the top shelf.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as most people think he is.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have finished doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever done that together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary go swimming together anymore.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are ever going to be friends.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about that.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about that.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll have time to help you this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll go out today because it's quite cold.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what you want me to do.
I don't think that I understand why Tom is trying to do that.
I don't think that it's safe to go out at night by yourself.
I don't think it would be wise to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that by ourselves.
I don't think that it was fair for Tom to get all the money.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I don't think Tom really meant what he said about Mary.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said about Mary.
I don't think Tom really meant to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom really meant to do that this morning.
I don't think Tom really has to do that this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that this afternoon.
I don't think Tom really enjoyed doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really enjoyed doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary has been ignoring him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary has been ignoring him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary dropped out of school.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary and John are fighting.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary likes dogs or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is thirsty or not.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary usually goes skiing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought her computer.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary got back from Boston.
I don't think Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to be doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary would like him to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary will do this evening.
Sami has been working on the YouTube video for six days.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary will do this evening.
Layla wore six different outfits for the video.
Sami worked in that department.
Sami always burps when he's filming a video of himself.
Sami is burping.
Sami had another cousin named Layla.
Layla is super sweet.
Sami rode a city bus.
Sami can go to work.
Sami is going to work.
Sami needs a car to survive in this city.
Sami always bothers Layla to drive him to work.
Sami doesn't want to bother Layla to drive him to work.
Layla was looking gorgeous.
Sami needed his own car.
Sami and Layla rode the bus together.
Sami worked working that shift.
Sami hated that late shift.
Sami hates early shifts.
Sami was super exhausted.
Sami and Layla have the same schedule.
Sami clocked in six minutes after Layla.
Sami made himself a coffee.
Sami's office didn't have a cafeteria.
Sami ate some cheese.
Sami never eats turkey.
Sami was drenched head to toe.
Sami lives in a small ghost town with a bunch of junkies.
Sami took his shoes off in the office.
Sami was looking at Farid.
Sami took his socks off.
Sami took his socks off in front of everybody.
I don't think that I'll win.
I don't think that I'll cry.
I don't think that I'm fat.
I don't think that I snore.
I don't think that Tom has enough time to do that.
I don't think that Tom has as many stamps as I do.
I don't think that Tom has any plans for tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has any idea where Mary is.
I don't think that Tom ever gets anywhere on time.
I don't think that Tom ever considered doing that.
I don't think that Tom enjoys hanging out with us.
I don't think that Tom can help you do that today.
I don't think that Tom can hear what we're saying.
I don't think I've forgotten to buy anything.
I don't think that I've forgotten to buy anything.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried.
I don't think that I'll make it to school on time.
I don't think that I'll have to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll go to Australia this year.
I don't think that I'll go to Australia this year.
I don't think that I'll be in my office on Monday.
I don't think that I'll be at home this afternoon.
I don't think I'd let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I'd let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that again.
I don't think I want to study French anymore.
I don't think that I want to study French anymore.
I don't think I want to know what Tom thinks.
I don't think that I want to know what Tom thinks.
I don't think I should've done that with Tom.
I don't think that I should've done that with Tom.
I don't think that they're who they say they are.
I don't think that they're capable of doing that.
I don't think that they'll permit you to do that.
I don't think that they'll permit Tom to do that.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that.
I don't think that it's smart for you to do that.
I don't think that it's silly for you to do that.
I don't think it's good for Tom to go alone.
I don't think that it's good for Tom to go alone.
I don't think that it'll be that easy to do that.
I don't think that it would be unsafe to do that.
I don't think that it would be stupid to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom wants any help doing that.
I don't think that Tom wants any help doing that.
I don't think Tom should do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said.
I don't think that Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about that.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about that.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about Mary.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about Mary.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that outside.
I don't think that Tom likes hanging out with us.
I don't think Tom likes chocolate ice cream.
I don't think that Tom likes chocolate ice cream.
I don't think that Tom liked your song very much.
I don't think that Tom knows you as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was crying.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I don't think that Tom knows who built his house.
I don't think that Tom knows who baked this cake.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is going.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary has gone.
I don't think Tom knows what you want to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do.
I don't think Tom knows the whole truth yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the whole truth yet.
I don't think that Tom knows my telephone number.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried you are.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how to ride a horse.
I don't think that Tom knows how much it'll cost.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about this.
I don't think Tom knows all the details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows all the details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
I don't think Tom is through doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is through doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is the philosophical type.
I don't think that Tom is the one who needs help.
I don't think that Tom is planning on helping us.
I don't think that Tom is going to need our help.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that again.
I don't think that Tom is cut out to be a lawyer.
I don't think that Tom is coming back here today.
I don't think Tom heard me calling his name.
I don't think that Tom heard me calling his name.
I don't think that Tom has time to do that today.
I don't think Tom has sold anything all day.
I don't think that Tom has sold anything all day.
I don't think that Tom has ever seen this before.
I don't think that Tom has ever had a girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that before.
I don't think that Tom has ever been here before.
I don't think that Tom has ever been a bartender.
I don't think that Tom has as much money as I do.
I don't think that Tom got much sleep last night.
I don't think Tom feels the same way you do.
I don't think that Tom feels the same way you do.
I don't think that Tom could handle the pressure.
I don't think that Tom could get Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy any car.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will get married.
I don't think I've forgotten to do anything.
I don't think that I've forgotten to do anything.
I don't think that I've ever done that by myself.
I don't think I'm going to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'm going to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll likely do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll likely do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be needing anything else.
I don't think that I'll be in Boston next winter.
I don't think that I'll be able to sleep tonight.
I don't think that I'll be able to pass the test.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that today.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that again.
I don't think I'd like to live in Australia.
I don't think that I'd like to live in Australia.
I don't think I'd like to be married to Tom.
I don't think that I'd like to be married to Tom.
I don't think I'd like doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'd like doing that by myself.
I don't think I'd like being married to Tom.
I don't think that I'd like being married to Tom.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think that this is what you think it is.
I don't think that this is going to be much fun.
I don't think that this is exactly what we need.
I don't think that this is any of your business.
I don't think that this armchair is comfortable.
I don't think that they'll permit me to do that.
I don't think that they'll allow you to do that.
I don't think that they'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that there should be any problems.
I don't think that the roses will bloom so soon.
I don't think that it's wise for you to do that.
I don't think that it's safe to go out at night.
I don't think that it's safe for you to do that.
I don't think that it's safe for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's likely to rain tomorrow.
I don't think that it's anything to worry about.
I don't think that it's anything to laugh about.
I don't think it'll take long wash the car.
I don't think that it'll take long wash the car.
I don't think that it'll be possible to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for me do that.
I don't think that it would be wrong to do that.
I don't think that it would be risky to do that.
I don't think that it would be legal to do that.
I don't think that it would be cheap to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to talk about Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you anymore.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom should go back to Boston.
I don't think Tom said anything about that.
I don't think that Tom said anything about that.
I don't think that Tom really wanted to do that.
I don't think that Tom really needed to do that.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys doing that.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was fired.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is crying.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary does that.
I don't think Tom knows where you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows where you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows where his keys are.
I don't think that Tom knows where he should be.
I don't think that Tom knows what's in this box.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has done.
I don't think Tom knows what I want to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows much about sailing.
I don't think that Tom knows much about fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows how to use an iron.
I don't think that Tom knows how to drive a car.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about horses.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't do that.
I don't think that Tom is still married to Mary.
I don't think that Tom is particularly handsome.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to give it back.
I don't think that Tom is determined to do that.
I don't think that Tom is capable of doing that.
I don't think Tom is being very reasonable.
I don't think that Tom is being very reasonable.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as he looks.
I don't think that Tom has to go anywhere today.
I don't think Tom has to decide that today.
I don't think that Tom has to decide that today.
I don't think that Tom has to decide right away.
I don't think that Tom has to apologize to Mary.
I don't think Tom has ever been happy here.
I don't think that Tom has ever been happy here.
I don't think Tom has broken any rules yet.
I don't think that Tom has broken any rules yet.
I don't think that Tom has any ulterior motives.
I don't think that Tom has any plans for Monday.
I don't think that Tom can take care of himself.
I don't think that Tom and Mary know each other.
I don't think that Mary would leave her husband.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain.
I don't think that I've ever been so frightened.
I don't think that I'm ready for a relationship.
I don't think that I'm going to like this party.
I don't think I'm going to like doing that.
I don't think that I'm going to like doing that.
I don't think I'm going to like being here.
I don't think that I'm going to like being here.
I don't think that I'm going to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll likely do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll likely do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that.
I don't think that I'll be doing that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be able to eat all this.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom.
I don't think I'd make a very good teacher.
I don't think that I'd make a very good teacher.
I don't think I'd like to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with Tom.
I don't think I'd like living in Australia.
I don't think that I'd like living in Australia.
I don't think I'd like doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd like doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I would've gone there by car.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that you.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that you.
I don't think that I want to go rowing with Tom.
I don't think I should've done that inside.
I don't think that I should've done that inside.
I don't think I need to be here any longer.
I don't think that I need to be here any longer.
I don't think that they'll allow me to do that.
I don't think that they would've done anything.
I don't think that there's much to worry about.
I don't think that there's anything in the box.
I don't think there's any way out of here.
I don't think that there's any way out of here.
I don't think that there is any way I can help.
I don't think that the post office is open yet.
I don't think that post offices are open today.
I don't think that my life is very interesting.
I don't think that it's a good idea to do that.
I don't think it'll take long to fix that.
I don't think that it'll take long to fix that.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that.
I don't think that it would be safe to do that.
I don't think that it would be rude to do that.
I don't think that it would be easy to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that either.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that alone.
I don't think Tom trusts very many people.
I don't think that Tom trusts very many people.
I don't think Tom should go outside today.
I don't think that Tom should go outside today.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that.
I don't think that Tom really plans to do that.
I don't think that Tom really meant to do that.
I don't think that Tom really has time to help.
I don't think that Tom ought to have done that.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that inside.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that either.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about me.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about me.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that either.
I don't think that Tom lives in Boston anymore.
I don't think Tom likes spinach very much.
I don't think that Tom likes spinach very much.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is now.
I don't think that Tom knows what to do either.
I don't think that Tom knows what he'll do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary will do.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want to do.
I don't think that Tom knows much about sports.
I don't think that Tom knows all the rules yet.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is in Boston.
I don't think that Tom is reluctant to do that.
I don't think that Tom is ready to do that yet.
I don't think that Tom is qualified to do that.
I don't think that Tom is permitted to do that.
I don't think that Tom is obligated to do that.
I don't think that Tom is motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom is interested in sports.
I don't think that Tom is interested in sports.
I don't think that Tom is good enough for Mary.
I don't think Tom is doing that right now.
I don't think that Tom is doing that right now.
I don't think that Tom is desperate to do that.
I don't think that Tom is coming to our rescue.
I don't think that Tom is back from Boston yet.
I don't think that Tom has to be here tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has much longer to live.
I don't think that Tom has everything he wants.
I don't think that Tom has everything he needs.
I don't think Tom has ever visited Boston.
I don't think that Tom has ever visited Boston.
I don't think Tom has ever talked to Mary.
I don't think that Tom has ever talked to Mary.
I don't think that Tom has ever studied French.
I don't think that Tom has ever been to Boston.
I don't think that Tom has anything in his bag.
I don't think that Tom has a steady girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom did what you say he did.
I don't think that Tom did what he said he did.
I don't think Tom could hear Mary singing.
I don't think that Tom could hear Mary singing.
I don't think that Tom can walk without a cane.
I don't think Tom can play golf very well.
I don't think that Tom can play golf very well.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy a car.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so upset.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so happy.
I don't think I'll go to Boston this year.
I don't think that I'll go to Boston this year.
I don't think that I'll be in Boston next week.
I don't think that I'll be doing that with Tom.
I don't think I'd make a very good father.
I don't think that I'd make a very good father.
I don't think that I'd ever be able to do that.
I don't think that I want to do that right now.
I don't think I want to do that by myself.
I don't think that I want to do that by myself.
I don't think this makes very much sense.
I don't think that this makes very much sense.
I don't think that there's anything we can do.
I don't think that there's any way I can help.
I don't think that it's Tom who's the problem.
I don't think it'll take long to do that.
I don't think that it'll take long to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you again.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that again.
I don't think that Tom wanted to say anything.
I don't think that Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom should go there by car.
I don't think that Tom should do that outside.
I don't think that Tom should do that anymore.
I don't think Tom saw what we were doing.
I don't think that Tom saw what we were doing.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that again.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that today.
I don't think that Tom needs much help at all.
I don't think that Tom needed to talk so loud.
I don't think that Tom knows why you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is here.
I don't think Tom knows who he can trust.
I don't think that Tom knows who he can trust.
I don't think Tom knows what's happening.
I don't think that Tom knows what's happening.
I don't think that Tom knows what you've done.
I don't think that Tom knows how you did that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried I am.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie a tie.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play golf.
I don't think that Tom knows how sick Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how rich Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't drive.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't drive.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can do that.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can do that.
I don't think that Tom is very good at skiing.
I don't think that Tom is prepared to do that.
I don't think that Tom is planning to help us.
I don't think Tom is older than he looks.
I don't think that Tom is older than he looks.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to drive.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to drink.
I don't think Tom is interested in opera.
I don't think that Tom is interested in opera.
I don't think that Tom is good enough for you.
I don't think Tom is free this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom is free this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom is finished doing that.
I don't think Tom is being very truthful.
I don't think that Tom is being very truthful.
I don't think that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I don't think that Tom has to work on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom has to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has a driver's license.
I don't think that Tom expected me to do that.
I don't think that Tom even knows where he is.
I don't think that Tom did that intentionally.
I don't think Tom cares why you did that.
I don't think that Tom cares why you did that.
I don't think that Tom can do that by himself.
I don't think that Mary is as pretty as Alice.
I don't think I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't think that I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't think that I've ever seen you do that.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom do that.
I don't think that I've ever been here before.
I don't think that I'm needed here any longer.
I don't think I'm going to see Tom today.
I don't think that I'm going to see Tom today.
I don't think I'm going to do that today.
I don't think that I'm going to do that today.
I don't think that I'm going to do that again.
I don't think that I'll permit Tom to do that.
I don't think I'll need to do that today.
I don't think that I'll need to do that today.
I don't think I'll need to do that again.
I don't think that I'll need to do that again.
I don't think that I'll make it to your party.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that today.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that today.
I don't think I'll have to do that today.
I don't think that I'll have to do that today.
I don't think that I'll get any sleep tonight.
I don't think I'll ever understand women.
I don't think that I'll ever understand women.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to this.
I don't think that I'll be doing that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think that I'll be able come tomorrow.
I don't think I'd like to live in Boston.
I don't think that I'd like to live in Boston.
I don't think that I'd like doing that at all.
I don't think that I'd ever want to live here.
I don't think I'd ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd enjoy living in Boston.
I don't think I would do that after dark.
I don't think that I would do that after dark.
I don't think that I want to go there anymore.
I don't think that I want to do that with you.
I don't think that I want to do that with Tom.
I don't think I should trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that I should trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that this will be enough money.
I don't think that this was such a good idea.
I don't think that this movie is interesting.
I don't think that this is the best solution.
I don't think that this is going to work out.
I don't think that this is going to help any.
I don't think that the weather will clear up.
I don't think that it's wise to do that here.
I don't think that it's necessary to do that.
I don't think that it's any of your business.
I don't think that it'll snow this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom wants to sing with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that here.
I don't think that Tom should do that either.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that.
I don't think Tom ought to do that here.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that here.
I don't think Tom misses Mary very much.
I don't think that Tom misses Mary very much.
I don't think that Tom knows why you're here.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went.
I don't think that Tom knows what's in there.
I don't think that Tom knows what's going on.
I don't think that Tom knows what time it is.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's doing.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants.
I don't think Tom knows that we're here.
I don't think that Tom knows how to have fun.
I don't think that Tom knows how lucky he is.
I don't think Tom knows any details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows any details yet.
I don't think that Tom is trying hard enough.
I don't think that Tom is through doing that.
I don't think that Tom is tempted to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to get fired.
I don't think that Tom is competitive enough.
I don't think that Tom is being very helpful.
I don't think Tom is as old as he looks.
I don't think that Tom is as old as he looks.
I don't think that Tom is allowed to do that.
I don't think that Tom has what he wants yet.
I don't think that Tom has very many options.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends.
I don't think that Tom has very long to live.
I don't think that Tom has to do that either.
I don't think that Tom has many weekends off.
I don't think that Tom has many friends here.
I don't think that Tom has ever been in love.
I don't think that Tom has any classes today.
I don't think that Tom has a graduate degree.
I don't think that Tom has a criminal record.
I don't think Tom cares where he sleeps.
I don't think that Tom cares where he sleeps.
I don't think that Tom can understand French.
I don't think that Tom can help us with this.
I don't think Tom bought anything today.
I don't think that Tom bought anything today.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I don't think that I've seen you here before.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom laugh.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom laugh.
I don't think that I've ever been this happy.
I don't think that I'm drunk enough for this.
I don't think that I'm cut out to be captain.
I don't think that I'm cut out for city life.
I don't think that I'll need to say anything.
I don't think I'll likely do that today.
I don't think that I'll likely do that today.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd permit Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd mind doing this again.
I don't think I'd mind doing that again.
I don't think that I'd mind doing that again.
I don't think I'd like living in Boston.
I don't think that I'd like living in Boston.
I don't think I'd ever do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'd ever do that with Tom.
I don't think I would do that by myself.
I don't think that I would do that by myself.
I don't think that I want to see Tom anymore.
I don't think I should've left so early.
I don't think that I should've left so early.
I don't think I should help you do that.
I don't think that I should help you do that.
I don't think this stain will come out.
I don't think that this stain will come out.
I don't think that this is such a good idea.
I don't think that this is helping anything.
I don't think that this is a very good idea.
I don't think things can get any worse.
I don't think that things can get any worse.
I don't think that there's any life on Mars.
I don't think that it's wise to do that now.
I don't think that it's up to you to decide.
I don't think that it's too late to do that.
I don't think that it's possible to do this.
I don't think that it's possible to do that.
I don't think that it's going to rain today.
I don't think that it'll be easy to do that.
I don't think it matters who does that.
I don't think that it matters who does that.
I don't think Tom will be back by 2:30.
I don't think that Tom will be back by 2:30.
I don't think Tom wants to leave today.
I don't think that Tom wants to leave today.
I don't think that Tom wants to eat with us.
I don't think that Tom wanted us to do that.
I don't think that Tom should've left early.
I don't think that Tom should worry so much.
I don't think Tom should do that alone.
I don't think that Tom should do that again.
I don't think Tom should be here today.
I don't think that Tom should be here today.
I don't think that Tom really wants to know.
I don't think that Tom needs very much help.
I don't think that Tom likes Mary very much.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm scared.
I don't think that Tom knows much about art.
I don't think that Tom knows about this yet.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary very well.
I don't think that Tom is telling the truth.
I don't think that Tom has too many friends.
I don't think that Tom has to do that again.
I don't think that Tom has to come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has one of these yet.
I don't think that Tom has his phone on him.
I don't think that Tom has health insurance.
I don't think that Tom has broken any rules.
I don't think that Tom has a microwave oven.
I don't think that Tom has a girlfriend now.
I don't think that Tom ever used to do that.
I don't think that Tom ever really loved me.
I don't think Tom even has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom even has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom does that very often.
I don't think that Tom did anything with it.
I don't think that Tom can speak any French.
I don't think that Tom can play the trumpet.
I don't think that Tom can handle the truth.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are related.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom smile.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom smile.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom sing.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom sing.
I don't think that I've ever eaten dog meat.
I don't think that I've ever been this busy.
I don't think that I've done anything wrong.
I don't think that I'm permitted to do that.
I don't think that I'll tell Tom about this.
I don't think that I'll be doing that again.
I don't think I'll be able to fix that.
I don't think that I'll be able to fix that.
I don't think that I'd make a very good spy.
I don't think that I'd like you as a friend.
I don't think that I'd be very good company.
I don't think that I'd allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that.
I don't think I would do that with Tom.
I don't think that I would do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should let you do that.
I don't think that this is such a big deal.
I don't think that this food is fit to eat.
I don't think that there was any harm done.
I don't think it's up to us to decide.
I don't think that it's up to us to decide.
I don't think that it's such a big problem.
I don't think that it's any of my business.
I don't think that it would be a good idea.
I don't think Tom would understand it.
I don't think that Tom would understand it.
I don't think that Tom told Mary the truth.
I don't think that Tom should've done that.
I don't think Tom needs any more help.
I don't think that Tom needs any more help.
I don't think that Tom needs any more hats.
I don't think that Tom needs a new bicycle.
I don't think that Tom likes you very much.
I don't think that Tom knows why he's here.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want.
I don't think that Tom knows what he wants.
I don't think that Tom knows the truth yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the rules yet.
I don't think that Tom knows how bad it is.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary died.
I don't think that Tom knows his neighbors.
I don't think that Tom knows all the rules.
I don't think that Tom knows French at all.
I don't think that Tom is smarter than you.
I don't think that Tom is going to make it.
I don't think that Tom is going to help us.
I don't think that Tom is going to hear us.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here.
I don't think that Tom is being reasonable.
I don't think that Tom is ambitious enough.
I don't think that Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom intended to do that.
I don't think Tom helped Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom helped Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom has to work anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to say anything.
I don't think that Tom has to pay anything.
I don't think that Tom has to decide today.
I don't think that Tom has passed away yet.
I don't think that Tom has much experience.
I don't think that Tom has flood insurance.
I don't think that Tom has a full-time job.
I don't think that Tom ever talked to Mary.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed the concert.
I don't think that Tom did that on purpose.
I don't think that Tom can wait any longer.
I don't think Tom can help us do that.
I don't think that Tom can help us do that.
I don't think Tom ate anything at all.
I don't think that Tom ate anything at all.
I don't think that I've forgotten anything.
I don't think that I'm allowed to help you.
I don't think that I'll need too much help.
I don't think that I'll need any more help.
I don't think that I'll ever see Tom again.
I don't think that I'll ever do that again.
I don't think that I'll ever be happy here.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that.
I don't think that I'd have fun doing that.
I don't think that I was aggressive enough.
I don't think that I want to talk about it.
I don't think that I want to see Tom again.
I don't think that I want to eat right now.
I don't think that I want to do that today.
I don't think I want to do that here.
I don't think that I want to do that here.
I don't think that I should really do that.
I don't think I can go swimming today.
I don't think that I can go swimming today.
I don't think that this weather will hold.
I don't think that this is Tom's umbrella.
I don't think that they'll let me do that.
I don't think that there's anything there.
I don't think that it's safe to swim here.
I don't think that it's my decision alone.
I don't think that it's going to work out.
I don't think that it's a problem anymore.
I don't think that Tom trusts many people.
I don't think that Tom told Mary anything.
I don't think Tom meant what he said.
I don't think that Tom meant what he said.
I don't think Tom made that story up.
I don't think that Tom made that story up.
I don't think that Tom likes me very much.
I don't think that Tom knows how to drive.
I don't think that Tom knows how to dance.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is here.
I don't think Tom is married anymore.
I don't think that Tom is married anymore.
I don't think that Tom is listening to me.
I don't think that Tom is home on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom is happy right now.
I don't think that Tom is going to resign.
I don't think that Tom is going to Boston.
I don't think that Tom is fit for the job.
I don't think that Tom is being sarcastic.
I don't think that Tom is being realistic.
I don't think Tom is alone right now.
I don't think that Tom is alone right now.
I don't think that Tom is able to do that.
I don't think that Tom has to go in there.
I don't think that Tom has much free time.
I don't think that Tom has any money left.
I don't think that Tom has any experience.
I don't think that Tom has any bad habits.
I don't think that Tom has a lot of money.
I don't think that Tom feels the same way.
I don't think that Tom expected me to win.
I don't think that Tom even knows my name.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed doing that.
I don't think that Tom did that correctly.
I don't think that Tom did anything wrong.
I don't think that Tom could've done that.
I don't think that Tom could ever do that.
I don't think that Tom can really do that.
I don't think that Tom can hear very well.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom cry.
I don't think that I've ever been happier.
I don't think that I'm ready to leave yet.
I don't think that I'm likely to be fired.
I don't think that I'm being unreasonable.
I don't think that I'm as creative as Tom.
I don't think that I'm allowed to do that.
I don't think that I'll play tennis today.
I don't think that I'll go to Tom's party.
I don't think that I'll get there on time.
I don't think I'll do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be busy next week.
I don't think that I'll be able to fix it.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that.
I don't think I want to study French.
I don't think that I want to study French.
I don't think that I should've left early.
I don't think that I should let you drive.
I don't think that this rain will let up.
I don't think that this makes much sense.
I don't think that this is the right one.
I don't think that this is how it's done.
I don't think that this is a coincidence.
I don't think that there is life on Mars.
I don't think that the zoo is open today.
I don't think that people should do that.
I don't think that it's going to be easy.
I don't think that it's a very good idea.
I don't think that it'll be hot tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom wants to see Mary.
I don't think Tom usually does that.
I don't think that Tom usually does that.
I don't think that Tom tried hard enough.
I don't think that Tom took us seriously.
I don't think Tom saw us doing that.
I don't think that Tom saw us doing that.
I don't think that Tom needs a bodyguard.
I don't think that Tom lives around here.
I don't think that Tom likes living here.
I don't think that Tom liked the concert.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows where he is.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want.
I don't think that Tom knows the details.
I don't think that Tom knows how to cook.
I don't think that Tom is very assertive.
I don't think that Tom is going anywhere.
I don't think that Tom is claustrophobic.
I don't think that Tom is careful enough.
I don't think that Tom is being truthful.
I don't think that Tom is active anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to work today.
I don't think that Tom has done that yet.
I don't think that Tom has been disloyal.
I don't think that Tom enjoys doing that.
I don't think that Tom enjoys being here.
I don't think Tom enjoyed the movie.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed the movie.
I don't think that Tom does that anymore.
I don't think Tom cares what you do.
I don't think that Tom cares what you do.
I don't think Tom can help us today.
I don't think that Tom can help us today.
I don't think that Tom can do that today.
I don't think that Tom can be left alone.
I don't think that Tom agreed to do that.
I don't think that I've ever lied to Tom.
I don't think that I'll ever get married.
I don't think that I'll ever be forgiven.
I don't think I'll do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be here tomorrow.
I don't think that I'd ever eat dog meat.
I don't think that I want to do that now.
I don't think that I should've done that.
I don't think that this makes any sense.
I don't think that the bank is open yet.
I don't think that so, but I'm not sure.
I don't think that it's such a big deal.
I don't think that it's such a bad idea.
I don't think it's a hard decision.
I don't think that it's a good decision.
I don't think that it'll be any problem.
I don't think that it can get any worse.
I don't think that Tom wants to see you.
I don't think that Tom misses Mary much.
I don't think that Tom meant to do that.
I don't think that Tom likes to do that.
I don't think that Tom likes doing that.
I don't think that Tom knew Mary either.
I don't think that Tom is very talented.
I don't think that Tom is very reliable.
I don't think that Tom is uncomfortable.
I don't think that Tom is schizophrenic.
I don't think that Tom is being sincere.
I don't think Tom is angry anymore.
I don't think that Tom is angry anymore.
I don't think Tom is afraid of you.
I don't think that Tom is afraid of you.
I don't think that Tom has met Mary yet.
I don't think that Tom has any children.
I don't think that Tom has a girlfriend.
I don't think that Tom did that tonight.
I don't think Tom cares what we do.
I don't think that Tom cares what we do.
I don't think Tom cares about that.
I don't think that Tom cares about that.
I don't think Tom cared about that.
I don't think that Tom cared about that.
I don't think that Tom can teach French.
I don't think Tom can help you now.
I don't think that Tom can help you now.
I don't think that I've seen you before.
I don't think that I've got much choice.
I don't think that I've ever hugged Tom.
I don't think that I've changed so much.
I don't think that I've broken any laws.
I don't think that I'm going to see Tom.
I don't think that I'm going to make it.
I don't think that I'm going to do that.
I don't think that I'll need to do that.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that.
I don't think I'll have to do that.
I don't think that I'll have to do that.
I don't think that I'll ever understand.
I don't think that I'll do that anymore.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that.
I don't think I would do that here.
I don't think that I would do that here.
I don't think that this is working out.
I don't think that this is a good idea.
I don't think that they're coming back.
I don't think that prices will go down.
I don't think that it'll snow tomorrow.
I don't think that it was Tom and Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to see me.
I don't think that Tom still does that.
I don't think that Tom liked the movie.
I don't think Tom lied about that.
I don't think that Tom lied about that.
I don't think Tom is still single.
I don't think that Tom is still single.
I don't think Tom is still asleep.
I don't think that Tom is still asleep.
I don't think that Tom is going to win.
I don't think that Tom is disorganized.
I don't think that Tom is disappointed.
I don't think that Tom is conservative.
I don't think that Tom is being honest.
I don't think that Tom is ambidextrous.
I don't think Tom is absent today.
I don't think that Tom is absent today.
I don't think that Tom has any friends.
I don't think that Tom has any enemies.
I don't think Tom has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom has an umbrella.
I don't think that Tom enjoys swimming.
I don't think Tom cares very much.
I don't think that Tom cares very much.
I don't think Tom can help us now.
I don't think that Tom can help us now.
I don't think that Tom bought anything.
I don't think that Tom agrees with you.
I don't think that I'm ready to go yet.
I don't think that I'm going to resign.
I don't think that I'll pass this exam.
I don't think that I'll likely do that.
I don't think that I'll get in trouble.
I don't think I'll dance with Tom.
I don't think that I'll dance with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be able to win.
I don't think that I'd like to do that.
I don't think that I'd like doing that.
I don't think that I'd let Tom do that.
I don't think that I'd change anything.
I don't think this is very funny.
I don't think that this is very funny.
I don't think that things will change.
I don't think that they're bad people.
I don't think that it's really broken.
I don't think that it's going to hurt.
I don't think that it's even possible.
I don't think that it's a coincidence.
I don't think that it's a big problem.
I don't think that it was an accident.
I don't think that it was Tom's fault.
I don't think that Tom wants to leave.
I don't think that Tom wants any help.
I don't think that Tom told the truth.
I don't think that Tom should be here.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry.
I don't think that Tom needs our help.
I don't think that Tom needs any help.
I don't think that Tom likes swimming.
I don't think that Tom likes baseball.
I don't think that Tom knows anything.
I don't think that Tom killed himself.
I don't think that Tom killed anybody.
I don't think that Tom is very bright.
I don't think that Tom is trustworthy.
I don't think that Tom is through yet.
I don't think that Tom is sympathetic.
I don't think that Tom is still alive.
I don't think that Tom is retired yet.
I don't think that Tom is replaceable.
I don't think that Tom is intoxicated.
I don't think that Tom is intimidated.
I don't think that Tom is interesting.
I don't think that Tom is intelligent.
I don't think that Tom is incompetent.
I don't think that Tom is heartbroken.
I don't think that Tom is embarrassed.
I don't think that Tom is discouraged.
I don't think that Tom is coming back.
I don't think that Tom is charismatic.
I don't think that Tom is adventurous.
I don't think that Tom had to do that.
I don't think that Tom ever does that.
I don't think that Tom enjoys bowling.
I don't think that Tom drank anything.
I don't think that Tom did that right.
I don't think that I'm unapproachable.
I don't think I'm ready to leave.
I don't think that I'm ready to leave.
I don't think that I'll go to college.
I don't think I'll ever meet Tom.
I don't think that I'll ever meet Tom.
I don't think that I'll do that today.
I don't think that I'll do that again.
I don't think that I'll be doing that.
I don't think that I should trust Tom.
I don't think that this is realistic.
I don't think that this is necessary.
I don't think that this is a setback.
I don't think that this is a problem.
I don't think that this is Tom's hat.
I don't think that there's a problem.
I don't think that my life is boring.
I don't think that it's weird at all.
I don't think that it's just a stunt.
I don't think that it's funny at all.
I don't think that it means anything.
I don't think that Tom understood me.
I don't think that Tom speaks French.
I don't think that Tom sold anything.
I don't think that Tom said anything.
I don't think that Tom recognized me.
I don't think that Tom likes to swim.
I don't think that Tom likes spinach.
I don't think that Tom is very lucky.
I don't think that Tom is unfriendly.
I don't think that Tom is unemployed.
I don't think that Tom is suspicious.
I don't think that Tom is successful.
I don't think that Tom is so strange.
I don't think that Tom is prejudiced.
I don't think that Tom is overweight.
I don't think that Tom is optimistic.
I don't think that Tom is interested.
I don't think that Tom is happy here.
I don't think that Tom is going away.
I don't think that Tom is frightened.
I don't think that Tom is downstairs.
I don't think that Tom is doing that.
I don't think that Tom is disgusting.
I don't think that Tom is dependable.
I don't think that Tom is colorblind.
I don't think that Tom is busy today.
I don't think Tom is asleep yet.
I don't think that Tom is asleep yet.
I don't think Tom is asleep now.
I don't think that Tom is asleep now.
I don't think that Tom is aggressive.
I don't think Tom is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom is a Canadian.
I don't think that Tom has a brother.
I don't think that Tom enjoys hiking.
I don't think that Tom could do that.
I don't think that Tom can hear Mary.
I don't think that Mary is beautiful.
I don't think that I've slept enough.
I don't think that I've ever met Tom.
I don't think that I'm uninteresting.
I don't think that I'm unimaginative.
I don't think that I'm overemotional.
I don't think that I'm narrow-minded.
I don't think that I'm materialistic.
I don't think that I'll go to Boston.
I don't think that I'll ever do that.
I don't think that I'll do that here.
I don't think that I was disobedient.
I don't think that I want to do that.
I don't think that I want to be here.
I don't think that I should tell you.
I don't think that I should help you.
I don't think that this makes sense.
I don't think that they're teachers.
I don't think they believed us.
I don't think that they believed us.
I don't think that it's fair at all.
I don't think that it's a good idea.
I don't think that it's a bad thing.
I don't think that it's Tom's fault.
I don't think that it'll get better.
I don't think that it'll be too hot.
I don't think that it would be fair.
I don't think that it was a mistake.
I don't think that Tom likes to ski.
I don't think that Tom is unmarried.
I don't think that Tom is satisfied.
I don't think that Tom is ready yet.
I don't think that Tom is qualified.
I don't think that Tom is organized.
I don't think that Tom is obstinate.
I don't think that Tom is miserable.
I don't think that Tom is listening.
I don't think that Tom is irritated.
I don't think that Tom is impressed.
I don't think that Tom is dishonest.
I don't think that Tom is desperate.
I don't think that Tom is depressed.
I don't think that Tom is dangerous.
I don't think that Tom is conscious.
I don't think that Tom is confident.
I don't think that Tom is concerned.
I don't think that Tom is conceited.
I don't think that Tom is competent.
I don't think that Tom is committed.
I don't think that Tom is breathing.
I don't think that Tom is bilingual.
I don't think Tom is awake yet.
I don't think that Tom is awake yet.
I don't think that Tom is available.
I don't think that Tom is a bad guy.
I don't think that Tom is a bad boy.
I don't think that Tom has died yet.
I don't think that Tom did anything.
I don't think that Tom can help you.
I don't think that Tom ate anything.
I don't think that I'm overreacting.
I don't think that I'll get the job.
I don't think that I'll ever retire.
I don't think that I'll do that now.
I don't think that I'd ever do that.
I don't think that I understand you.
I don't think that this is working.
I don't think that this is for you.
I don't think that they've seen us.
I don't think that they're married.
I don't think that they dislike me.
I don't think that they believe us.
I don't think that my life is easy.
I don't think that it's your fault.
I don't think it's very funny.
I don't think that it's very funny.
I don't think it's so strange.
I don't think that it's so strange.
I don't think that it's reasonable.
I don't think that it's odd at all.
I don't think that it's impossible.
I don't think that it's convincing.
I don't think that it's a big deal.
I don't think that it's a bad idea.
I don't think that it'll take long.
I don't think that it was my fault.
I don't think that Tom wants to go.
I don't think that Tom understands.
I don't think that Tom trusts Mary.
I don't think that Tom should sing.
I don't think that Tom kissed Mary.
I don't think that Tom killed Mary.
I don't think that Tom is ticklish.
I don't think that Tom is thrilled.
I don't think that Tom is stubborn.
I don't think that Tom is reliable.
I don't think that Tom is prepared.
I don't think that Tom is mistaken.
I don't think that Tom is involved.
I don't think that Tom is innocent.
I don't think that Tom is homesick.
I don't think that Tom is homeless.
I don't think that Tom is friendly.
I don't think that Tom is finished.
I don't think that Tom is divorced.
I don't think that Tom is diabetic.
I don't think that Tom is confused.
I don't think that Tom is careless.
I don't think that Tom is busy now.
I don't think that Tom is bluffing.
I don't think that Tom is barefoot.
I don't think that Tom is autistic.
I don't think that Tom is at fault.
I don't think that Tom is arrogant.
I don't think that Tom is annoying.
I don't think that Tom is Canadian.
I don't think that Tom helped Mary.
I don't think that Tom even saw me.
I don't think Tom can help us.
I don't think that Tom can help us.
I don't think that Tom can hear us.
I don't think that Tom can hear me.
I don't think that Tom believed us.
I don't think that Tom believed me.
I don't think that I'm the problem.
I don't think that I'm introverted.
I don't think that I'm a bad loser.
I don't think that I'd like Boston.
I don't think that I would do that.
I don't think that this is enough.
I don't think that it's important.
I don't think that it's dangerous.
I don't think that it's a problem.
I don't think that it'll work out.
I don't think that it ever worked.
I don't think that Tom understood.
I don't think that Tom made it up.
I don't think that Tom lives here.
I don't think that Tom likes Mary.
I don't think that Tom left early.
I don't think that Tom is worried.
I don't think that Tom is unlucky.
I don't think that Tom is thirsty.
I don't think that Tom is strange.
I don't think that Tom is serious.
I don't think that Tom is selfish.
I don't think that Tom is retired.
I don't think that Tom is pleased.
I don't think that Tom is outside.
I don't think that Tom is nervous.
I don't think that Tom is jealous.
I don't think that Tom is engaged.
I don't think that Tom is dressed.
I don't think that Tom is devious.
I don't think that Tom is correct.
I don't think that Tom is bipolar.
I don't think that Tom is annoyed.
I don't think that Tom is adopted.
I don't think that Tom is a loser.
I don't think that Tom heard Mary.
I don't think that Mary is pretty.
I don't think that I'm very petty.
I don't think that I'm very funny.
I don't think that I'm unbeatable.
I don't think that I'll be scared.
I don't think that I'll be lonely.
I don't think that I was followed.
I don't think that I want to know.
I don't think that this is right.
I don't think that this is funny.
I don't think that they liked me.
I don't think that they heard us.
I don't think that they did this.
I don't think that it's worth it.
I don't think that it's possible.
I don't think it's over yet.
I don't think that it's over yet.
I don't think that it's my fault.
I don't think that it'll be easy.
I don't think that it ever works.
I don't think that it affects us.
I don't think that Tom shot Mary.
I don't think that Tom likes you.
I don't think that Tom is stupid.
I don't think that Tom is strong.
I don't think that Tom is strict.
I don't think that Tom is stingy.
I don't think that Tom is sneaky.
I don't think that Tom is sleepy.
I don't think that Tom is skinny.
I don't think that Tom is single.
I don't think that Tom is scared.
I don't think that Tom is normal.
I don't think that Tom is lonely.
I don't think that Tom is insane.
I don't think that Tom is guilty.
I don't think that Tom is greedy.
I don't think that Tom is crying.
I don't think that Tom is coming.
I don't think that Tom is boring.
I don't think that Tom is asleep.
I don't think that Tom is afraid.
I don't think that Tom is absent.
I don't think that Tom heard you.
I don't think that Tom hates you.
I don't think that Tom has a car.
I don't think that Tom eats pork.
I don't think that Tom does that.
I don't think that Tom can dance.
I don't think that I've mellowed.
I don't think that I'll go today.
I don't think that I'll be early.
I don't think that I'll be bored.
I don't think that I'll be alone.
I don't think that this is real.
I don't think that they're safe.
I don't think that they need me.
I don't think that they like me.
I don't think that it's too bad.
I don't think that it's strange.
I don't think that it's serious.
I don't think that it's just me.
I don't think that it's a trick.
I don't think that it's a trend.
I don't think that Tom suffered.
I don't think that Tom meant it.
I don't think that Tom likes me.
I don't think that Tom likes it.
I don't think that Tom is wrong.
I don't think that Tom is weird.
I don't think that Tom is upset.
I don't think that Tom is tough.
I don't think that Tom is timid.
I don't think that Tom is ready.
I don't think that Tom is pushy.
I don't think that Tom is lying.
I don't think that Tom is lucky.
I don't think that Tom is funny.
I don't think that Tom is drunk.
I don't think that Tom is crazy.
I don't think that Tom is broke.
I don't think that Tom is brave.
I don't think that Tom is bossy.
I don't think that Tom is bored.
I don't think that Tom is blind.
I don't think that Tom is awake.
I don't think that Tom is angry.
I don't think that Tom is alone.
I don't think that Tom is alive.
I don't think that Tom heard me.
I don't think that Tom did this.
I don't think that Tom can wait.
I don't think that I'm stubborn.
I don't think that I'm neurotic.
I don't think that I'm immature.
I don't think that I'm handsome.
I don't think that I'll make it.
I don't think that I'll do that.
I don't think that I'll be late.
I don't think that I'll be cold.
I don't think that I'd kiss Tom.
I don't think that I want to go.
I don't think that I understand.
I don't think that it's a wolf.
I don't think that it was fair.
I don't think that it mattered.
I don't think that Tom is well.
I don't think that Tom is weak.
I don't think that Tom is ugly.
I don't think that Tom is sure.
I don't think that Tom is slow.
I don't think that Tom is safe.
I don't think that Tom is rich.
I don't think that Tom is nuts.
I don't think that Tom is nice.
I don't think that Tom is next.
I don't think that Tom is mean.
I don't think that Tom is lost.
I don't think that Tom is lazy.
I don't think that Tom is hurt.
I don't think that Tom is home.
I don't think that Tom is high.
I don't think that Tom is free.
I don't think that Tom is done.
I don't think that Tom is dead.
I don't think that Tom is cute.
I don't think that Tom is cool.
I don't think that Tom is cold.
I don't think that Tom is back.
I don't think that Tom can win.
I don't think that I'll change.
I don't think that I'd like it.
I don't think that it's right.
I don't think that it's funny.
I don't think that it'll work.
I don't think that it'll snow.
I don't think that it'll rain.
I don't think that it matters.
I don't think that Tom saw us.
I don't think that Tom is shy.
I don't think that Tom is sad.
I don't think that Tom is old.
I don't think that Tom is mad.
I don't think that Tom is fat.
I don't think that Tom did it.
I don't think that I'm biased.
I don't think that I'll dance.
I don't think that I'd fit in.
I don't think that it's true.
I don't think that it's time.
I don't think that it's over.
I don't think that it's good.
I don't think that it's fair.
I don't think that it's cold.
I don't think that Tom is up.
I don't think that Tom is in.
I don't think that Tom cares.
I don't think that Tom cared.
I don't think that I'm wrong.
I don't think that I'm alone.
I don't think that I'll lose.
I don't think that it's odd.
I don't think that it's Tom.
I don't think that it helps.
I don't think that Tom lied.
I don't think Tom knows that we still have a lot to do.
I don't think Tom knows that he's going to be arrested.
I don't think Tom knows that he shouldn't do that here.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary likes apple pie or not.
I don't think Tom knows how worried you are about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried you are about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how long the meeting will last.
I don't think Tom knows any of Mary's Canadian friends.
I don't think that Tom knows any of Mary's Canadian friends.
I don't think that Tom is good-looking, but he's a nice guy.
I don't think Tom is going to let you do that with him.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you do that with him.
I don't think Tom is as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think that Tom is as busy today as he was yesterday.
I don't think Tom has the strength to do that nowadays.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that nowadays.
I don't think Tom has any idea what he should be doing.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what he should be doing.
I don't think Tom had to do that, but he did it anyway.
I don't think that Tom had to do that, but he did it anyway.
I don't think that Tom could've done that without some help.
I don't think that Tom can convince Mary to stop doing that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will ever get back together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever traveled together.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever kissed each other.
I don't think that Tom actually did his homework by himself.
I don't think that Mary is as beautiful as her older sister.
I don't think I'm the only one who's worried about Tom.
I don't think that I'm the only one who's worried about Tom.
I don't think I'll have time to help you do that today.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you do that today.
I don't think that I'll be ready to do that until next year.
I don't think I'll be as early tomorrow as I was today.
I don't think that I'll be as early tomorrow as I was today.
I don't think that I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I'll be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I'll be able to finish the job by myself.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that without your help.
I don't think that this is anything you'd be interested in.
I don't think that this is an unreasonable request to make.
I don't think that these guys really want to hear Tom sing.
I don't think that there's any way I can get there on time.
I don't think there's any way I can do that by myself.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that by myself.
I don't think that television will take the place of books.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that for you.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that for you.
I don't think it would be wise to do that by yourself.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that by yourself.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend us his car.
I don't think that Tom would be willing to lend us his car.
I don't think Tom understood what we wanted him to do.
I don't think that Tom understood what we wanted him to do.
I don't think Tom studied very much for the last test.
I don't think that Tom studied very much for the last test.
I don't think Tom should go out by himself after dark.
I don't think that Tom should go out by himself after dark.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really enjoys doing that by himself.
I don't think Tom needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think that Tom needed to do that yesterday morning.
I don't think that Tom loves Mary as much as she loves him.
I don't think that Tom knows why the meeting was postponed.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary went to the hospital.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is scared of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid to do that.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is afraid of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid of his dog.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary and John are arguing.
I don't think that Tom knows who can do that and who can't.
I don't think that Tom knows whether he can do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows where he should be doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows where he should be doing that.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to go skiing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to go skiing.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary bought her bicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's gotten himself into.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary thinks he should do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do on Monday.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary has to do in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary has to do in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows the reason why Mary is absent.
I don't think that Tom knows the man who's talking to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows how much the ticket will cost.
I don't think Tom knows how long that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how long that's going to take.
I don't think that Tom knows how he's going to do that yet.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what needs to be done.
I don't think Tom knows exactly what he has to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he has to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary won't be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of person who'd do that.
I don't think Tom is finished writing that report yet.
I don't think that Tom is finished writing that report yet.
I don't think that Tom is feeling very well this afternoon.
I don't think that Tom has very much experience doing that.
I don't think Tom has the strength to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has gotten around to doing that yet.
I don't think that I'm the only one here who speaks French.
I don't think that I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to do that without any help.
I don't think that this sentence is grammatically correct.
I don't think there's any way I can help you do that.
I don't think that there's any way I can help you do that.
I don't think there should be any problem doing that.
I don't think that there should be any problem doing that.
I don't think there is any excuse for Tom's behavior.
I don't think that there is any excuse for Tom's behavior.
I don't think that the weather will clear up anytime soon.
I don't think that it was what we did that made Tom angry.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom realizes how difficult this job is.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wasn't at his party.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is tired or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary can swim or not.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary put her suitcases.
I don't think Tom knows what movie you want to watch.
I don't think that Tom knows what movie you want to watch.
I don't think that Tom knows what it's like to be in love.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is doing right now.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing right now.
I don't think Tom knows what I want him to do for me.
I don't think that Tom knows what I want him to do for me.
I don't think Tom knows that he has to do that today.
I don't think Tom knows how to safely use a chainsaw.
I don't think that Tom knows how to safely use a chainsaw.
I don't think Tom knows how good a guitarist Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a guitarist Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I don't think that Tom is going to study French next year.
I don't think Tom has any idea what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what needs to be done.
I don't think that Tom can do what you've asked him to do.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy the car he wants.
I don't think that Tom and Mary like each other very much.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I don't think I've ever seen you do that by yourself.
I don't think that I've ever seen you do that by yourself.
I don't think that I've ever heard you play guitar before.
I don't think that I'll stay until the end of the concert.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that by myself.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd mind eating Chinese food every day.
I don't think I'd like to do that with Tom by myself.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with Tom by myself.
I don't think that this kind of cheese is very expensive.
I don't think that this is going to be a problem anymore.
I don't think this is enough food to feed all of us.
I don't think that this is enough food to feed all of us.
I don't think that this city is as safe as it used to be.
I don't think that the pain will ever completely go away.
I don't think it's going to be hard to convince Tom.
I don't think it's going to be easy to convince Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to convince Tom.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to do that.
I don't think it's as important as Tom thinks it is.
I don't think that it's as important as Tom thinks it is.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that here.
I don't think Tom wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I don't think that Tom wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I don't think Tom should've left as early as he did.
I don't think that Tom should've left as early as he did.
I don't think that Tom should be the captain of our team.
I don't think that Tom really plans to do that this week.
I don't think Tom really meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom really meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom really likes doing that very much.
I don't think Tom needs to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom needs to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think Tom needs to show Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom needs to show Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom likes you as much as you like him.
I don't think Tom likes living here as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom likes living here as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom likes doing this as much as we do.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary wants him to leave.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is in the hospital.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary did that on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary did that on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm planning to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is busy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will visit Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will leave Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what kind of person Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects him to do.
I don't think Tom knows that he's going to be fired.
I don't think Tom knows how worried I am about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how worried I am about that.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do the breast stroke.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary managed to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he ought to do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he needs to do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what has to be done.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost.
I don't think that Tom knows as many people here as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows about those kinds of things.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about classical music.
I don't think that Tom is the one who needs to apologize.
I don't think Tom is going to need our help anymore.
I don't think that Tom is going to need our help anymore.
I don't think Tom is as stubborn as you think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as stubborn as you think he is.
I don't think Tom is as strange as Mary said he was.
I don't think that Tom is as strange as Mary said he was.
I don't think that Tom has the time to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom has ever seen one of these before.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy a new car.
I don't think Tom bought anything at the mall today.
I don't think that Tom bought anything at the mall today.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I'll ever sound like a native speaker.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be in my office tomorrow morning.
I don't think that I'll be able to visit you next Monday.
I don't think I'll be able to get there before 2:30.
I don't think that I'll be able to get there before 2:30.
I don't think that I'll be able to get in there with Tom.
I don't think that I would've had the courage to do that.
I don't think that I understand what Tom is trying to do.
I don't think that this is the best time to talk to Tom.
I don't think that this is the best time for us to talk.
I don't think this is enough food for three people.
I don't think that this is enough food for three people.
I don't think that they actually get much of a discount.
I don't think that these are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this.
I don't think that there's any need for you to explain.
I don't think that it's anything we need to worry about.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that now.
I don't think it would be wise to do that with Tom.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that with Tom.
I don't think Tom wants to talk to Mary about that.
I don't think that Tom wants to talk to Mary about that.
I don't think Tom really wants to know what we did.
I don't think that Tom really wants to know what we did.
I don't think Tom really has time to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really has time to do that today.
I don't think that Tom knows why you want me to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like dogs.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary called the police.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants him to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary expects from him.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary did last weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary did last weekend.
I don't think that Tom knows much about classical music.
I don't think that Tom knows as much about this as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't very happy here.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can understand French.
I don't think Tom is the right person for this job.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for this job.
I don't think that Tom is the one who wrote this report.
I don't think that Tom is the kind of guy who'd do that.
I don't think that Tom is in the mood to work right now.
I don't think that Tom is going to be a problem anymore.
I don't think Tom is as lazy as people think he is.
I don't think that Tom is as lazy as people think he is.
I don't think that Tom has what it takes to be the boss.
I don't think that Tom has studied French for very long.
I don't think that Tom has met either of Mary's sisters.
I don't think that Tom has enough money to buy a ticket.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what should be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what has to be done.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has to do.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who speak French.
I don't think that Tom has any friends here except Mary.
I don't think that Tom has a lot of teaching experience.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have anything in common.
I don't think that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I don't think I've ever seen you this happy before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this happy before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this drunk before.
I don't think that I've ever seen anything so beautiful.
I don't think that I'm hungry enough to eat all of this.
I don't think that I'm ever going to be able to do that.
I don't think that I'll have the time to help you today.
I don't think I'll ever be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think that I'll ever be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be able to pass the examination.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I want to do.
I don't think that I'll be able to do what I need to do.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that by himself.
I don't think this is how we should be doing this.
I don't think that this is how we should be doing this.
I don't think that this is as funny as you think it is.
I don't think that they expected us to arrive so early.
I don't think there's any way I can do that today.
I don't think that there's any way I can do that today.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to do that.
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to do that.
I don't think that there's any harm in telling you now.
I don't think it's just me who disagrees with Tom.
I don't think that it's just me who disagrees with Tom.
I don't think it's going to be difficult to find Tom.
I don't think it'll take long to paint this fence.
I don't think that it'll take long to paint this fence.
I don't think it'll take long to fix that for you.
I don't think that it'll take long to fix that for you.
I don't think that it would be safe for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would be a smart idea to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think Tom understood what he needed to do.
I don't think that Tom understood what he needed to do.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom really has to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here today.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared of him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is afraid of him.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary doesn't eat meat.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm scared to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why I'm scared to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows whether to do that or not.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary went on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary went on Monday.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary studies French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary studied French.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary parked the car.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary parked her car.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary graduated from.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary goes to school.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's going to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is trying to do.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Australia.
I don't think Tom knows that you have a boyfriend.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm Mary's boyfriend.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the saxophone.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was stolen.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money Mary makes.
I don't think Tom knows how good a lawyer Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a lawyer Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how good a dancer Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a dancer Mary is.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he should do.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he has to do.
I don't think that Tom knows either Mary or her sister.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about folk music.
I don't think Tom knows Mary can play the bassoon.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can play the bassoon.
I don't think that Tom is the right person for the job.
I don't think that Tom is saying what he really thinks.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you leave early.
I don't think that Tom is aware of his own limitations.
I don't think Tom has what it takes to be teacher.
I don't think that Tom has what it takes to be teacher.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends in Boston.
I don't think that Tom has to worry about Mary anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to tell Mary how to do that.
I don't think that Tom has to go to school next Monday.
I don't think that Tom has to get up so early tomorrow.
I don't think Tom has to get up as early tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to get up as early tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has much experience in teaching.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary is doing.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary has done.
I don't think that Tom could hear what you were saying.
I don't think that Tom could do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom can do that without Mary's help.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have to work on Monday.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are brother and sister.
I don't think I've ever seen you this busy before.
I don't think that I've ever seen you this busy before.
I don't think that I've ever made any serious mistakes.
I don't think that I've ever heard of anyone named Tom.
I don't think that I'll have the time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I should tell Tom what I have to do.
I don't think that this rain will let up anytime soon.
I don't think that this is a good time to talk to Tom.
I don't think it'll take long for me to fix that.
I don't think that it'll take long for me to fix that.
I don't think that it would be wise to argue with Tom.
I don't think that it would be interesting to do that.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that.
I don't think that Tom wanted to go with us yesterday.
I don't think that Tom understands what you're saying.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that alone.
I don't think Tom really did that all by himself.
I don't think that Tom really did that all by himself.
I don't think Tom needed to be here this morning.
I don't think that Tom needed to be here this morning.
I don't think that Tom loves me as much as I love him.
I don't think that Tom likes you the way you like him.
I don't think Tom likes baseball as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom likes baseball as much as I do.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary kept doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is ignoring him.
I don't think Tom knows why I did that by myself.
I don't think that Tom knows why I did that by myself.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows who he can trust anymore.
I don't think that Tom knows whether it's true or not.
I don't think that Tom knows where the post office is.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to live.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary came to Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary's shoe size is.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is really like.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is looking for.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is going to do.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is doing today.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing today.
I don't think Tom knows very much about baseball.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about baseball.
I don't think Tom knows that you were helping me.
I don't think that Tom knows much about his neighbors.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is coming or not.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie his shoes yet.
I don't think that Tom knows how to speak French well.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the trombone.
I don't think that Tom knows how to do that very well.
I don't think that Tom knows how much time he'll need.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was taken.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary feels about him.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly where Mary lives.
I don't think that Tom knows either of Mary's sisters.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about carpentry.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows any other way to do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here until 2:30.
I don't think that Tom is going to be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom is difficult to get along with.
I don't think Tom heard you knocking on the door.
I don't think that Tom heard you knocking on the door.
I don't think Tom has to work on Mondays anymore.
I don't think that Tom has to work on Mondays anymore.
I don't think that Tom has much experience doing that.
I don't think that Tom has as much money as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has any idea where Mary is now.
I don't think that Tom has any idea what Mary will do.
I don't think that Tom has any friends here in Boston.
I don't think that Tom did anything about the problem.
I don't think that Tom could do that even if he tried.
I don't think that Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I don't think that Tom and Mary recognized each other.
I don't think that Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I don't think I'll have time to help you do that.
I don't think that I'll have time to help you do that.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be present at today's meeting.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be permitted to do that again.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that anymore.
I don't think that I'll be able to get this stain out.
I don't think that I'll be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that by myself.
I don't think that there's any way Tom could do that.
I don't think the roses will bloom anytime soon.
I don't think that the roses will bloom anytime soon.
I don't think it's unethical for you to do that.
I don't think that it's unethical for you to do that.
I don't think it's necessary for you to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary for you to do that.
I don't think it's necessary for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it's dangerous for you to do that.
I don't think it'll take long for us to do that.
I don't think that it'll take long for us to do that.
I don't think it would be wise to do that today.
I don't think that it would be wise to do that today.
I don't think it would be impossible to do that.
I don't think that it would be impossible to do that.
I don't think Tom wants to sing with us tonight.
I don't think that Tom wants to sing with us tonight.
I don't think that Tom wants to be my friend anymore.
I don't think Tom understood what was happening.
I don't think that Tom understood what was happening.
I don't think Tom speaks French as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom speaks French as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that again.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that today.
I don't think that Tom really needs to do that again.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom likes watching baseball on TV.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to help him.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary is right now.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's talking about.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to do yet.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm Mary's brother.
I don't think that Tom knows how to use a slide rule.
I don't think that Tom knows how to run the business.
I don't think that Tom knows how much Mary loves him.
I don't think that Tom knows how good a cook Mary is.
I don't think Tom knows how badly Mary was hurt.
I don't think that Tom knows how badly Mary was hurt.
I don't think Tom knows his neighbors very well.
I don't think that Tom knows his neighbors very well.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is still in Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can't speak French.
I don't think that Tom is flexible enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is ever going to pay you back.
I don't think Tom is as stupid as you say he is.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as you say he is.
I don't think that Tom is as stupid as he used to be.
I don't think Tom is as rich as you said he was.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as you said he was.
I don't think that Tom has to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has time to talk to you today.
I don't think that Tom has the confidence to do that.
I don't think that Tom has overstepped his authority.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that by himself.
I don't think that Tom has as much time as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has as much free time as I do.
I don't think that Tom has any experience doing that.
I don't think that Tom could've done that any better.
I don't think that Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
I don't think that Tom can do that without some help.
I don't think that Tom and Mary go swimming together.
I don't think that Mary would ever leave her husband.
I don't think I'm going to do that anytime soon.
I don't think that I'm going to do that anytime soon.
I don't think that I'll ever go back to Boston again.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to Korean food.
I don't think that I'll ever get tired of doing this.
I don't think that I'll buy this. It's too expensive.
I don't think I'll be doing that this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll be doing that this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll be able to go swimming today.
I don't think that I'll be able to eat anything else.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that by myself.
I don't think that I'd enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think that I would enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't think that this is the right way to do this.
I don't think that this has anything to do with Tom.
I don't think that this chain will stand the strain.
I don't think there's very much to worry about.
I don't think that there's very much to worry about.
I don't think that there's any risk of losing today.
I don't think that most of us could do what Tom did.
I don't think that it's possible for you to do that.
I don't think that it's necessary for us to do this.
I don't think that it's necessary for us to do that.
I don't think it's important for us to do that.
I don't think that it's important for us to do that.
I don't think it's going to be hard to do that.
I don't think it's going to be easy to do that.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to do that.
I don't think that it's a very good idea to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for you to do that.
I don't think that it'll be easy for Tom to do that.
I don't think that it would be expensive to do that.
I don't think that it would be dangerous to do that.
I don't think it would be a problem to do that.
I don't think that it would be a problem to do that.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming with me.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom understood what was going on.
I don't think that Tom understood what was going on.
I don't think Tom understood what I was saying.
I don't think that Tom understood what I was saying.
I don't think that Tom should eat so much junk food.
I don't think that Tom rides his motorcycle anymore.
I don't think that Tom really wants to do that here.
I don't think that Tom really planned on doing that.
I don't think Tom ought to do that in the dark.
I don't think that Tom ought to do that in the dark.
I don't think that Tom knows why you didn't do that.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is mad at him.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is here today.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is here today.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is doing that.
I don't think that Tom knows who's going to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows who taught Mary French.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be here.
I don't think that Tom knows when Mary will be back.
I don't think that Tom knows what's wrong with Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what's really going on.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary is doing now.
I don't think Tom knows very much about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Boston.
I don't think Tom knows that I still have this.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is busy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows how to ride a unicycle.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play backgammon.
I don't think that Tom knows how to get to my place.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly how to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about fishing.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about farming.
I don't think that Tom knows any of the details yet.
I don't think that Tom knows a lot about alligators.
I don't think that Tom is old enough to do that yet.
I don't think Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom is going to be too much help.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
I don't think Tom is going to Boston next week.
I don't think that Tom is going to Boston next week.
I don't think that Tom is ever going to get married.
I don't think Tom heard Mary shouting his name.
I don't think that Tom heard Mary shouting his name.
I don't think that Tom has to go to school tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom has to do that until October.
I don't think that Tom has to be at today's meeting.
I don't think that Tom has the willpower to do that.
I don't think that Tom has as much patience as I do.
I don't think Tom cares who comes to his party.
I don't think that Tom cares who comes to his party.
I don't think that Tom can find the time to do that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have much in common.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married anymore.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are married anymore.
I don't think that I've seen you around here before.
I don't think that I've ever heard this song before.
I don't think I'll get in trouble if I do that.
I don't think that I'll get in trouble if I do that.
I don't think I'll ever get used to doing this.
I don't think that I'll ever get used to doing this.
I don't think that I'll be the first one to do that.
I don't think that I'll be awake when Tom gets home.
I don't think that I'll be allowed to do that again.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that in the rain.
I don't think that I'd enjoy doing that in the rain.
I don't think that I snore, but I'm not really sure.
I don't think that this is the only way to do this.
I don't think that this is the best way to do this.
I don't think that this is an unreasonable request.
I don't think that things will change anytime soon.
I don't think that they've found out about Tom yet.
I don't think that they'll accept these conditions.
I don't think that there's anything to worry about.
I don't think that there's any way out of this one.
I don't think that there's any way Tom can do that.
I don't think that it's going to rain this evening.
I don't think that it's ethical for you to do that.
I don't think it'll take very long to do that.
I don't think that it'll take very long to do that.
I don't think it'll be too hot this afternoon.
I don't think that it'll be too hot this afternoon.
I don't think it'll be any problem to do that.
I don't think that it'll be any problem to do that.
I don't think that it would be possible to do that.
I don't think that it really matters who does this.
I don't think it really matters who does that.
I don't think that it really matters who does that.
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom understood the instructions.
I don't think that Tom understood the instructions.
I don't think that Tom understands what's going on.
I don't think that Tom really knows how to do that.
I don't think that Tom really has to do that again.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary was arrested.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary quit her job.
I don't think that Tom knows where his umbrella is.
I don't think that Tom knows what's bothering Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows what he's going to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what he should do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what he has to do yet.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary wants to do.
I don't think that Tom knows what Mary needs to do.
I don't think Tom knows much about basketball.
I don't think that Tom knows much about basketball.
I don't think that Tom knows much about alligators.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play this game.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the cello.
I don't think Tom knows anything about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about Boston.
I don't think that Tom knows any of Mary's friends.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary can speak French.
I don't think Tom is strong enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is strong enough to do that.
I don't think that Tom is likely to tell the truth.
I don't think that Tom is interested in doing that.
I don't think that Tom is in his office on Mondays.
I don't think that Tom is going to let you do that.
I don't think Tom is going to help us do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to help us do that.
I don't think that Tom is going to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is going to be here all day.
I don't think that Tom is going to be here all day.
I don't think Tom has told us the whole truth.
I don't think that Tom has told us the whole truth.
I don't think that Tom has time to talk to you now.
I don't think that Tom has those kinds of problems.
I don't think that Tom has the strength to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the patience to do that.
I don't think that Tom has as much patience as you.
I don't think that Tom has as many friends as I do.
I don't think that Tom has anything to worry about.
I don't think that Tom has any teaching experience.
I don't think Tom has any friends who do that.
I don't think that Tom has any friends who do that.
I don't think that Tom has any friends his own age.
I don't think that Tom has any brothers or sisters.
I don't think that Tom can stop me from doing that.
I don't think that Tom can do that without my help.
I don't think that Tom can deal with the situation.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car yet.
I don't think that Tom can afford to buy a car yet.
I don't think that Mary is as pretty as her sister.
I don't think that I'm the best person for the job.
I don't think that I'm going to be able to do that.
I don't think I'm allowed to help you do that.
I don't think that I'm allowed to help you do that.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think that I'll let Tom do that by himself.
I don't think I'll have time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that today.
I don't think that I'll be the next one to do that.
I don't think that I'll be the last one to do that.
I don't think that I'll be doing that anytime soon.
I don't think that I'll be awake when you get home.
I don't think that I'll be able to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that today.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that today.
I don't think that I'd have the courage to do that.
I don't think that I'd ever want to live in Boston.
I don't think that I'd be interested in doing that.
I don't think that I want to study French with you.
I don't think I should've done that by myself.
I don't think that I should've done that by myself.
I don't think this movie is very interesting.
I don't think that this movie is very interesting.
I don't think that these ink stains will come off.
I don't think there's any way I can help you.
I don't think that there's any way I can help you.
I don't think that there's any significant damage.
I don't think that there is any way I can do that.
I don't think that the police will ever catch Tom.
I don't think that my gift meant very much to Tom.
I don't think it's going to be hard to find Tom.
I don't think it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I don't think that it would be ethical to do that.
I don't think Tom wants to go swimming today.
I don't think that Tom wants to go swimming today.
I don't think Tom wants to eat lunch with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to eat lunch with us.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that with Mary.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom should've let Mary do that.
I don't think that Tom should ask Mary to do that.
I don't think that Tom really did that by himself.
I don't think Tom realizes how young Mary is.
I don't think that Tom realizes how young Mary is.
I don't think Tom needs to worry about money.
I don't think that Tom needs to worry about money.
I don't think Tom meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom meant what he said to Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary isn't happy.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that to Mary.
I don't think Tom knows who did that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows who did that for him.
I don't think that Tom knows who Mary's father is.
I don't think Tom knows where I used to live.
I don't think that Tom knows where I used to live.
I don't think Tom knows what you want to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows what you want to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows what he needs to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows very much about Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Australia.
I don't think that Tom knows how to read or write.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play the oboe.
I don't think that Tom knows how much Mary weighs.
I don't think that Tom knows how deep the pool is.
I don't think that Tom knows how Mary got injured.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary as well as I do.
I don't think that Tom is finished doing that yet.
I don't think that Tom is cut out to be a teacher.
I don't think Tom is committed to doing that.
I don't think that Tom is committed to doing that.
I don't think that Tom is able to do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom has very many friends here.
I don't think that Tom has to go there by himself.
I don't think Tom has time today to help you.
I don't think that Tom has time today to help you.
I don't think that Tom has time to help you today.
I don't think that Tom has the stamina to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the courage to do that.
I don't think that Tom has the ability to do that.
I don't think that Tom has much money in the bank.
I don't think Tom has ever visited Australia.
I don't think that Tom has ever visited Australia.
I wasn't on the same bus as Tom.
I wasn't on the same bus as Tom was.
I did it right every time.
I told Tom who Mary's father is.
I don't feel any pressure.
Tom was obviously excited.
I don't really have a job.
I told Tom why I had to do that.
I don't want to miss that.
Tom was obviously jealous.
I don't want to stop here.
I told Tom why I should do that.
I don't want you to do it.
Tom was obviously nervous.
I feel honored to be here.
I told Tom why I went to Boston.
I have the right to speak.
Tom was obviously pleased.
I lost weight last winter.
I told Tom why Mary wasn't here.
I need to do that tonight.
Tom was obviously puzzled.
I pretended to be reading.
I told Tom what I thought of him.
I still look for bargains.
Tom was obviously tempted.
I want to get there early.
I told Tom why I didn't like him.
I wasn't on the right bus.
Tom was obviously worried.
I wouldn't say no to that.
I wanted to do something for Tom.
I'd rather be watching TV.
Tom tried to deescalate the situation.
The police officer tried to deescalate the situation.
Tom used his communication skills to resolve the conflict.
This town only has one grocery store.
Tom was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
The perpetrator was arrested by an off-duty police officer.
The police officer resolved the situation without resorting to violence.
Tom resolved the situation without resorting to violence.
Tom had a temper tantrum.
Tom fell on his hands and injured his wrist.
I don't want to hurt you. I want to help you.
Tom was shot by a police officer.
At many sites, there are rotten tree trunks lying on the ground on which grow moss and ferns.
This is lovely.
Tom threw a temper tantrum.
Tom is a plainclothes police officer.
Tom was arrested by a plainclothes police officer.
The criminal was arrested by a plainclothes police officer.
There's a trampoline in the backyard.
Tom wanted to impress his girlfriend.
Tom said that he wanted to impress his girlfriend.
I'm excited about this project.
I'm very excited about this project.
This animal has four feet.
Tom said he couldn't do what I asked.
After he was chosen as consul, Scipio was sent to Africa.
Those roses aren't as beautiful as these.
Tom said that he couldn't do what I asked.
Tom said that he couldn't do what I asked him to do.
Tom said he couldn't do what I asked him to do.
If you can't go to an English-speaking country to study, perhaps you can find an English native speaker living nearby who can help you learn English.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook I keep hidden where I don't think anybody can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook I keep hidden where I don't think that anybody can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook I keep hidden where I don't think that anyone can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook that I keep hidden where I don't think that anybody can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook that I keep hidden where I don't think anybody can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook that I keep hidden where I don't think that anyone can find it.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook that I keep hidden where I don't think anyone can find it.
I asked him where he parked his car.
I think I made a wrong turn.
It didn't seem to bother him.
It didn't seem to bother her.
Take the children into the house.
Take the children inside.
How did she get involved?
How did he get involved?
How did you get involved with her?
How did you get involved with him?
How did you get involved with Tom?
How did you get involved?
Why did you get involved in this project?
Do you know how Tom got involved?
I told Tom that it would be better if he didn't get involved.
I told Tom it would be better if he didn't get involved.
The doctors assured Tom that he would be fine.
The doctors assured Tom that Mary would be fine.
Tom got involved in a fight last night.
The doctor assured Tom that Mary would be fine.
I told Tom not to get involved.
Tom didn't make the cut.
How did you find out about us?
He didn't want to stop kissing her.
She didn't want to stop kissing him.
It didn't seem to bother her a bit.
It didn't seem to bother her at all.
It didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
Getting involved with Tom was a mistake.
You're living in the past!
Her eyes were red.
Tom's eyes were red.
Mary's eyes were red.
I didn't want him to stop kissing me.
I didn't want her to stop kissing me.
Mary didn't want Tom to stop kissing her.
He'll probably never forgive me.
She'll probably never forgive me.
Tom will probably never forgive me.
He doesn't listen to anybody but himself.
She doesn't listen to anybody but herself.
Tom doesn't listen to anybody but himself.
Tom doesn't care about anybody but himself.
Mary doesn't care about anybody but herself.
What happened to the ancient Romans?
What happened to ancient Rome?
It didn't seem to bother her in the least.
It didn't seem to bother him in the least.
It didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
I wonder what happened between her and Tom.
I wonder what happened between Tom and Mary.
I wonder what happened to ancient Rome.
She wore a red cheongsam.
Mary wore a red dress to the party.
Mary was wearing a red dress when I saw her yesterday at the supermarket.
It's not often that Mary wears a red dress, but she's wearing one today.
I wonder what happened to the ancient Romans.
Tom doesn't play video games as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't often play video games.
I wonder what happened to Tom's car.
I wonder what happened to all the donuts that were here.
I wonder what happened at Tom's house last night.
I wonder who gave Tom that black eye.
Any word from Tom?
No one suspected anything like this.
No one suspected anything.
Nobody suspected a thing.
Nobody suspected you.
I've always suspected that you might've studied karate.
I've always suspected you might've studied karate.
You don't think I scared Tom, do you?
You don't think that I scared Tom, do you?
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was as rich as he said he was.
I don't think anybody would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think that anybody would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I want to buy.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I need to buy.
I don't think that anyone would want to read this book more than once.
I don't think I need to tell Tom about what we're planning to do.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom about what we're planning to do.
I don't think I realized how much I loved you until you left me.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you until you left me.
I don't think I realized how much I loved you until we broke up.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you until we broke up.
I don't think I need to tell Tom that Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom that Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think I could stand to spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think that I could stand to spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think anybody has ever done something like this before.
I don't think that anybody has ever done something like this before.
I don't think I need to tell Tom that he needs to study harder.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom that he needs to study harder.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary is ever going to get married.
I don't think anyone has ever done something like this before.
I don't think that anyone has ever done something like this before.
I don't think that I really understand. Could you explain it again?
I don't think I can be happy here if you weren't here with me.
I don't think that I can be happy here if you weren't here with me.
I don't think anybody could've done that better than you did.
I don't think that anybody could've done that better than you did.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without a little help.
I don't think I can find the time to do that until next week.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that until next week.
I don't think anyone could've done that better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could've done that better than you did.
I don't think anybody suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that for us.
I don't think I should buy anything else until after payday.
I don't think that I should buy anything else until after payday.
I don't think I have the willpower to stop eating junk food.
I don't think that I have the willpower to stop eating junk food.
I don't think anyone suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected that you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anybody's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think Tom had anything to do with the bank robbery.
I don't think that Tom had anything to do with the bank robbery.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that again.
I don't think I need to tell Tom Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom Mary wants him to do that.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't think that I have enough money to buy everything I need.
I don't think I enjoy playing chess as much as you seem to.
I don't think that I enjoy playing chess as much as you seem to.
I don't think anyone's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think that anyone's lived in this house in a long time.
I don't think that any of you realize the significance of this.
I don't think I need to tell Tom he needs to study harder.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom he needs to study harder.
I don't think I enjoy watching baseball as much as you do.
I don't think that I enjoy watching baseball as much as you do.
I don't think that I can apply for a job anywhere. I'm too old.
I don't think I should need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I should need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I can move this bookcase without your help.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without your help.
I don't think I can move this bookcase without some help.
I don't think that I can move this bookcase without some help.
I don't think that I can afford to buy the kind of car I want.
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think anybody has lived in this house for years.
I don't think that anybody has lived in this house for years.
I don't think anybody could've done better than you did.
I don't think that anybody could've done better than you did.
I don't think that any of you realize the importance of this.
I don't think Tom had anything to do with what happened.
I don't think that Tom had anything to do with what happened.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that right now.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that right now.
I don't think that I enjoy doing this as much as you seem to.
I don't think I can do that until the Monday after next.
I don't think that I can do that until the Monday after next.
I don't think that I can do everything I've been asked to do.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary has ever been in love.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was happy.
I don't think that anyone has lived in this house for years.
I don't think anyone could've done better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could've done better than you did.
I don't think anybody suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think anybody really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think that anybody really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think I'll finish all this work this afternoon.
I don't think that I'll finish all this work this afternoon.
I don't think I know the boy that's sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the boy that's sitting over there.
I don't think I have to tell you why this is important.
I don't think that I have to tell you why this is important.
I don't think I could spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think that I could spend three hours alone with Tom.
I don't think that I can play the guitar as well as you can.
I don't think that being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
I don't think anyone suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected you weren't really Tom.
I don't think anyone really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think that anyone really thought that Tom was busy.
I don't think anybody would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think that anybody would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think anybody else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anybody else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think I'd be able to get Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'd be able to get Tom to do that again.
I don't think I should borrow any more money from Tom.
I don't think that I should borrow any more money from Tom.
I don't think I know the man that's playing the drums.
I don't think that I know the man that's playing the drums.
I don't think I know the boy who's sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the boy who's sitting over there.
I don't think that I enjoyed doing that as much as you did.
I don't think I enjoy swimming as much as you seem to.
I don't think that I enjoy swimming as much as you seem to.
I don't think that anyone would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't think anyone else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anyone else noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think anybody suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think anybody really expected you to be here.
I don't think that anybody really expected you to be here.
I don't think I'll need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'll need to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I'll have to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think that I'll have to tell Tom to do that again.
I don't think I'll have time to do that until Monday.
I don't think that I'll have time to do that until Monday.
I don't think I'd be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to convince Tom to do that.
I don't think I know the man who's playing the drums.
I don't think that I know the man who's playing the drums.
I don't think I enjoyed the movie as much as you did.
I don't think that I enjoyed the movie as much as you did.
I don't think that I could've done that without your help.
I don't think I could do what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think that I could do what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think that I could afford to buy a car like Tom's.
I don't think that I can love two people at the same time.
I don't think that I can afford to buy a new computer now.
I don't think either Tom or Mary will do that today.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary will do that today.
I don't think anyone suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected that you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anyone really expected you to be here.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that right now.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that right now.
I don't think I really need to read this right away.
I don't think that I really need to read this right away.
I don't think I really need to do that until Monday.
I don't think that I really need to do that until Monday.
I don't think I know the girl that's talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the girl that's talking to Tom.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that today.
I don't think that I ever knew what Tom did for a living.
I don't think that I can do that any better than you can.
I don't think that I can do that any better than Tom can.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom this angry before.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom this angry before.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom riding a unicycle.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom riding a unicycle.
I don't think I should need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that I should need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think I really need to read this right now.
I don't think that I really need to read this right now.
I don't think I really had to do that this morning.
I don't think that I really had to do that this morning.
I don't think I know the girl who's talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the girl who's talking to Tom.
I don't think I have the willpower to stop smoking.
I don't think that I have the willpower to stop smoking.
I don't think I have the willpower to quit smoking.
I don't think that I have the willpower to quit smoking.
I don't think that I could forgive myself if I did that.
I don't think I can move to Boston until next year.
I don't think that I can move to Boston until next year.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that today.
I don't think that I can do what you're asking me to do.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was happy.
I don't think anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think that anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think anybody really expected you to help.
I don't think that anybody really expected you to help.
I don't think anybody noticed what you were doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what you were doing.
I don't think anybody has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think anybody else wants to do that today.
I don't think that anybody else wants to do that today.
I don't think I know anybody who can speak French.
I don't think that I know anybody who can speak French.
I don't think that I have time to explain it right now.
I don't think I have time to do that this morning.
I don't think that I have time to do that this morning.
I don't think I have time to do that before lunch.
I don't think that I have time to do that before lunch.
I don't think that I have ever been this hungry before.
I don't think that I have enough money to pay the bill.
I don't think that I could ever get used to this smell.
I don't think that doing that would be worth our time.
I don't think that anyone really thought Tom was busy.
I don't think that anyone really expected you to help.
I don't think anyone noticed what you were doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what you were doing.
I don't think anyone has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom what to do yet.
I don't think anyone else wants to do that today.
I don't think that anyone else wants to do that today.
I don't think anybody noticed what we were doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what we were doing.
I don't think anybody noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that any of us will get rich doing this.
I don't think that I should go out on a day like this.
I don't think I should buy anything else for Tom.
I don't think that I should buy anything else for Tom.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that for us.
I don't think I need to tell Tom about our plans.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom about our plans.
I don't think that I need Tom's permission to do that.
I don't think I like what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think that I like what Tom is doing right now.
I don't think I know the answer to that question.
I don't think that I know the answer to that question.
I don't think that I know anyone who can speak French.
I don't think that I know all the lyrics to this song.
I don't think I can finish all this work by 2:30.
I don't think that I can finish all this work by 2:30.
I don't think anyone noticed what we were doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what we were doing.
I don't think anyone noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what Tom was doing.
I don't think anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think anybody has ever done this before.
I don't think that anybody has ever done this before.
I don't think Tom wants to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that this morning.
I don't think I'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think that I'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I don't think I need to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think that I need to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't think I need to wear a tie to the party.
I don't think that I need to wear a tie to the party.
I don't think I need to tell Tom why I did that.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom why I did that.
I don't think I know the boy sitting over there.
I don't think that I know the boy sitting over there.
I don't think that I have the time to help you today.
I don't think that I enjoy fishing as much as you do.
I don't think I could ever live in Boston again.
I don't think that I could ever live in Boston again.
I don't think that I could do that without your help.
I don't think I can stay in Boston until Monday.
I don't think that I can stay in Boston until Monday.
I don't think I can convince Tom to sing for us.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to sing for us.
I don't think you should borrow money from Tom.
I don't think that you should borrow money from Tom.
I don't think that anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
I don't think that anyone has ever done this before.
I don't think anybody really knows the real me.
I don't think that anybody really knows the real me.
I don't think anybody noticed what I was doing.
I don't think that anybody noticed what I was doing.
I don't think Tom can do that without our help.
I don't think that Tom can do that without our help.
I don't think I really need to do that for Tom.
I don't think that I really need to do that for Tom.
I don't think I really have to do that anymore.
I don't think that I really have to do that anymore.
I don't think that I need to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think I know the man playing the drums.
I don't think that I know the man playing the drums.
I don't think that I know anybody who speaks French.
I don't think that I have to do that until tomorrow.
I don't think I have the energy to do that now.
I don't think that I have the energy to do that now.
I don't think I have any choice but to do that.
I don't think that I have any choice but to do that.
I don't think I could talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I could talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think you have to do that by yourself.
I don't think that you have to do that by yourself.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary will do that.
I don't think anything can be done about that.
I don't think that anything can be done about that.
I don't think that anyone really knows the real me.
I don't think anyone noticed what I was doing.
I don't think that anyone noticed what I was doing.
I don't think anybody really wants to do that.
I don't think that anybody really wants to do that.
I don't think anybody has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that I really had to do that for Tom.
I don't think that I realized how much I loved you.
I don't think that I look anything like my brother.
I don't think that I know anyone who speaks French.
I don't think that I know anyone named Tom Jackson.
I don't think that I have the willpower to do that.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that.
I don't think that I have enough energy to do that.
I don't think that I could do that even if I tried.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from going there.
I don't think that I can do this without your help.
I don't think that I can do that without your help.
I don't think that I can do that without some help.
I don't think I can be happy here if you left.
I don't think that I can be happy here if you left.
I don't think anyone really wants to do that.
I don't think that anyone really wants to do that.
I don't think anyone has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom what to do.
I don't think that any more students want to come.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom here before.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom here before.
I don't think that I should borrow any more money.
I don't think I really need to do that today.
I don't think that I really need to do that today.
I don't think I really have to do that again.
I don't think that I really have to do that again.
I don't think I know the girl talking to Tom.
I don't think that I know the girl talking to Tom.
I don't think I know anybody who can do that.
I don't think that I know anybody who can do that.
I don't think that I have what you're looking for.
I don't think that I have to spell it out for you.
I don't think I could've done that on my own.
I don't think that I could've done that on my own.
I don't think I could've done that by myself.
I don't think that I could've done that by myself.
I don't think I could ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I could ever do that by myself.
I don't think that I can talk Tom into doing that.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I can keep Tom from doing that.
I don't think that I can find the time to do that.
I don't think that doing that would be dangerous.
I don't think anybody notices what Tom does.
I don't think that anybody notices what Tom does.
I don't think anybody else wants to do that.
I don't think that anybody else wants to do that.
I don't think Tom needs to do that tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom needs to do that for Mary.
I don't think that Tom needs to do that for Mary.
I don't think Tom has to do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom has to do that by himself.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom doing that.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom doing that.
I don't think I really needed to do what I did.
I don't think that I really needed to do what I did.
I don't think I really have to do that here.
I don't think that I really have to do that here.
I don't think I needed to do that yesterday.
I don't think that I needed to do that yesterday.
I don't think I need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom what to do.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom to do that.
I don't think I know anyone who can do that.
I don't think that I know anyone who can do that.
I don't think that I have to tell Tom to do that.
I don't think that I have the stamina to do that.
I don't think that I have the ability to do that.
I don't think I have everything that I need.
I don't think that I have everything that I need.
I don't think that I have enough time to do that.
I don't think that I could do that kind of thing.
I don't think that I can swim as well as you can.
I don't think I can do that faster than you.
I don't think that I can do that faster than you.
I don't think I can do that faster than Tom.
I don't think that I can do that faster than Tom.
I don't think I can do that better than you.
I don't think that I can do that better than you.
I don't think I can do that better than Tom.
I don't think that I can do that better than Tom.
I don't think that I can do everything by myself.
I don't think I can convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I can convince Tom to do that.
I don't think that I can afford to buy a car now.
I don't think that his proposals amount to much.
I don't think everybody here has done that.
I don't think that everybody here has done that.
I don't think that doing that would be much fun.
I don't think that anyone notices what Tom does.
I don't think anyone else wants to do that.
I don't think that anyone else wants to do that.
I don't think anybody would really do that.
I don't think that anybody would really do that.
I don't think anybody noticed what you did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what you did.
I don't think anybody noticed what Tom did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what Tom did.
I don't think anybody knows about that yet.
I don't think that anybody knows about that yet.
I don't think anybody else could do my job.
I don't think that anybody else could do my job.
I don't think anybody could've stopped Tom.
I don't think that anybody could've stopped Tom.
I don't think Tom has to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom has to do that right now.
I don't think Tom could do that by himself.
I don't think that Tom could do that by himself.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom with Mary.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom with Mary.
I don't think I really have to do that now.
I don't think that I really have to do that now.
I don't think I ought to do that right now.
I don't think that I ought to do that right now.
I don't think I know that woman over there.
I don't think that I know that woman over there.
I don't think that I know anybody who does that.
I don't think I know Tom as well as you do.
I don't think that I know Tom as well as you do.
I don't think I have the energy to do that.
I don't think that I have the energy to do that.
I don't think that I could explain it right now.
I don't think that I could do what Tom is doing.
I don't think that I can swim across this river.
I don't think that I can explain the difference.
I don't think you need to do that anymore.
I don't think that you need to do that anymore.
I don't think everyone here has done that.
I don't think that everyone here has done that.
I don't think doing that would be any fun.
I don't think that doing that would be any fun.
I don't think that anyone would really do that.
I don't think that anyone noticed what you did.
I don't think that anyone noticed what Tom did.
I don't think anyone knows about that yet.
I don't think that anyone knows about that yet.
I don't think that anyone else could do my job.
I don't think anyone could've stopped Tom.
I don't think that anyone could've stopped Tom.
I don't think that anybody's going to help you.
I don't think anybody thinks you're crazy.
I don't think that anybody thinks you're crazy.
I don't think anybody noticed what we did.
I don't think that anybody noticed what we did.
I don't think that anybody can help me anymore.
I don't think that an exception should be made.
I don't think I'll need an umbrella today.
I don't think that I'll need an umbrella today.
I don't think that I should go there by myself.
I don't think that I should decide until later.
I don't think that I should ask Tom to do that.
I don't think I ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I ought to do that with Tom.
I don't think I need your help doing that.
I don't think that I need your help doing that.
I don't think that I need to wear a coat today.
I don't think I need to go shopping today.
I don't think that I need to go shopping today.
I don't think that I need to do anything today.
I don't think that I know anyone who does that.
I don't think I have to do that right now.
I don't think that I have to do that right now.
I don't think I follow what you're saying.
I don't think that I follow what you're saying.
I don't think that I could ever live in Boston.
I don't think that I could ever commit suicide.
I don't think that I can survive in this place.
I don't think that I can stop Tom from leaving.
I don't think I can stay here much longer.
I don't think that I can stay here much longer.
I don't think that I can make it to your party.
I don't think I can do that before Monday.
I don't think that I can do that before Monday.
I don't think you should do that anymore.
I don't think that you should do that anymore.
I don't think everybody knows what to do.
I don't think that everybody knows what to do.
I don't think that children should drink beer.
I don't think that anything's going to change.
I don't think anyone's going to help you.
I don't think that anyone's going to help you.
I don't think that anyone thinks you're crazy.
I don't think that anyone noticed what we did.
I don't think that anyone can help me anymore.
I don't think anybody was here yesterday.
I don't think that anybody was here yesterday.
I don't think that anybody else wants to come.
I don't think that any of this is appropriate.
I don't think Tom knows that I love Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love Mary.
I don't think Tom could handle the truth.
I don't think that Tom could handle the truth.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom dancing.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom dancing.
I don't think that I should buy anything else.
I don't think that I really needed to do that.
I don't think that I really need to read this.
I don't think that I need your help right now.
I don't think I need to help Tom do that.
I don't think that I need to help Tom do that.
I don't think that I need to help Tom anymore.
I don't think I need to do that with Tom.
I don't think that I need to do that with Tom.
I don't think I need to do anything else.
I don't think that I need to do anything else.
I don't think that I like this game very much.
I don't think that I have the energy for this.
I don't think that I have much longer to live.
I don't think I had to do that yesterday.
I don't think that I had to do that yesterday.
I don't think I could've done that alone.
I don't think that I could've done that alone.
I don't think that I could ever do this again.
I don't think I could ever do that again.
I don't think that I could ever do that again.
I don't think you need to do that again.
I don't think that you need to do that again.
I don't think that everyone knows what to do.
I don't think that anyone was here yesterday.
I don't think anyone else wants to come.
I don't think that anyone else wants to come.
I don't think anybody saw us doing that.
I don't think that anybody saw us doing that.
I don't think anybody does that anymore.
I don't think that anybody does that anymore.
I don't think Tom will do that with you.
I don't think that Tom will do that with you.
I don't think Tom knows that I love you.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love you.
I don't think Tom knows that I love him.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love him.
I don't think that I need to worry about Tom.
I don't think that I did what you said I did.
I don't think that I can hold on much longer.
I don't think that I can do this without you.
I don't think that I can do this without Tom.
I don't think you should do that again.
I don't think that you should do that again.
I don't think that doing that would be safe.
I don't think that doing that would be rude.
I don't think that doing that would be good.
I don't think anyone saw us doing that.
I don't think that anyone saw us doing that.
I don't think anyone does that anymore.
I don't think that anyone does that anymore.
I don't think anybody has told Tom yet.
I don't think that anybody has told Tom yet.
I don't think that anybody else has noticed.
I don't think any of us should do that.
I don't think that any of us should do that.
I don't think that any of this is important.
I don't think I should do that for Tom.
I don't think that I should do that for Tom.
I don't think that I really need to do that.
I don't think that I really have to do that.
I don't think I need to go there today.
I don't think that I need to go there today.
I don't think that I like what you're doing.
I don't think I like what Tom is doing.
I don't think that I like what Tom is doing.
I don't think I know anybody in Boston.
I don't think that I know anybody in Boston.
I don't think I have everything I need.
I don't think that I have everything I need.
I don't think that I could live without you.
I don't think that I could do what Tom does.
I don't think that I can help you very much.
I don't think that I can help you on Monday.
I don't think I can get along with Tom.
I don't think that I can get along with Tom.
I don't think that I can get Tom to do that.
I don't think that I can ever be happy here.
I don't think that doing that would be fun.
I don't think that doing that is necessary.
I don't think children should be here.
I don't think that children should be here.
I don't think that anyone has told Tom yet.
I don't think that anyone else has noticed.
I don't think that anybody can help me now.
I don't think I should dance with Tom.
I don't think that I should dance with Tom.
I don't think that I really have a problem.
I don't think that I really had to do that.
I don't think I ought to do that here.
I don't think that I ought to do that here.
I don't think I need to do that again.
I don't think that I need to do that again.
I don't think I need Tom's permission.
I don't think that I need Tom's permission.
I don't think that I like Tom's suggestion.
I don't think that I know anyone in Boston.
I don't think that I have to do that again.
I don't think that I have one of those yet.
I don't think that I could ever eat a worm.
I don't think that I can trust you anymore.
I don't think that I can trust Tom anymore.
I don't think that I can get there in time.
I don't think that I can do that right now.
I don't think that I can do that by myself.
I don't think everybody has given up.
I don't think that everybody has given up.
I don't think that even Tom could do that.
I don't think that doing that would be OK.
I don't think that doing that is much fun.
I don't think anyone can help me now.
I don't think that anyone can help me now.
I don't think anybody saw us do that.
I don't think that anybody saw us do that.
I don't think that Tom will do that today.
I don't think that I should do that again.
I don't think I should be here today.
I don't think that I should be here today.
I don't think that I really matter to you.
I don't think I need your help today.
I don't think that I need your help today.
I don't think I need to do that here.
I don't think that I need to do that here.
I don't think that I have to tell you why.
I don't think that I have time to do that.
I don't think that I could do that to Tom.
I don't think I can wait much longer.
I don't think that I can wait much longer.
I don't think that I can live without you.
I don't think I can leave that early.
I don't think that I can leave that early.
I don't think that I can get through this.
I don't think that I can do anything else.
I don't think everyone has given up.
I don't think that everyone has given up.
I don't think everybody is here yet.
I don't think that everybody is here yet.
I don't think anyone saw us do that.
I don't think that anyone saw us do that.
I don't think anybody will like Tom.
I don't think that anybody will like Tom.
I don't think that anybody was satisfied.
I don't think that anybody could do that.
I don't think Tom knows I love Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows I love Mary.
I don't think I've broken any rules.
I don't think that I've broken any rules.
I don't think that I need to lose weight.
I don't think that I hurt Tom's feelings.
I don't think that I heard you correctly.
I don't think that I have any bad habits.
I don't think that I could live with Tom.
I don't think that I can walk any faster.
I don't think that I can wait any longer.
I don't think I can stay any longer.
I don't think that I can stay any longer.
I don't think that I can do this anymore.
I don't think that I can do that tonight.
I don't think that I can do that for you.
I don't think that everyone is here yet.
I don't think that enough is being done.
I don't think that banks are open today.
I don't think that anything will change.
I don't think that anything can be done.
I don't think that anyone will like Tom.
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.
I don't think anyone could do that.
I don't think that anyone could do that.
I don't think Tom knows I love you.
I don't think that Tom knows I love you.
I don't think Tom knows I love him.
I don't think that Tom knows I love him.
I don't think that I like you very much.
I don't think I did that very well.
I don't think that I did that very well.
I don't think that I did that correctly.
I don't think that I did anything wrong.
I don't think that I could've done that.
I don't think that I could ever do that.
I don't think that I can move to Boston.
I don't think I can fix this today.
I don't think that I can fix this today.
I don't think that anything is missing.
I don't think anybody can do this.
I don't think that anybody can do this.
I don't think that anybody can do that.
I don't think that any of us should go.
I don't think Tom's story is true.
I don't think that Tom's story is true.
I don't think Tom is a good actor.
I don't think that Tom is a good actor.
I don't think that I needed to do that.
I don't think that I need a coat today.
I don't think I know anybody here.
I don't think that I know anybody here.
I don't think that I impressed anybody.
I don't think that I have one of those.
I don't think that I can do this alone.
I don't think that I can do this again.
I don't think that I can do that today.
I don't think that I can be happy here.
I don't think that anything is broken.
I don't think that anyone can do this.
I don't think anyone can do that.
I don't think that anyone can do that.
I don't think that I need to tell you.
I don't think that I need a bodyguard.
I don't think that I like you anymore.
I don't think that I know anyone here.
I don't think that I impressed anyone.
I don't think I have what I need.
I don't think that I have what I need.
I don't think that I have enough time.
I don't think that his story is true.
I don't think everybody gave up.
I don't think that everybody gave up.
I don't think that anything's broken.
I don't think that anybody knows yet.
I don't think that anybody does that.
I don't think I passed the test.
I don't think that I passed the test.
I don't think that I passed the exam.
I don't think that I need a new coat.
I don't think that I know the answer.
I don't think I know that woman.
I don't think that I know that woman.
I don't think that I have any choice.
I don't think that I can leave early.
I don't think that I can do that now.
I don't think that I can do anything.
I don't think that I can afford this.
I don't think that I broke any rules.
I don't think that everyone gave up.
I don't think that anything changes.
I don't think anyone knows yet.
I don't think that anyone knows yet.
I don't think that anyone does that.
I don't think that I should be here.
I don't think I know that girl.
I don't think that I know that girl.
I don't think that I had to do that.
I don't think that I could stand it.
I don't think that I agree with you.
I don't think that I like Tom much.
I don't think I know that man.
I don't think that I know that man.
I don't think I know that guy.
I don't think that I know that guy.
I don't think I know that boy.
I don't think that I know that boy.
I don't think that I impressed Tom.
I don't think that I have a choice.
I don't think that I did very well.
I don't think that I can handle it.
I don't think anybody saw us.
I don't think that anybody saw us.
I don't think that I should dance.
I don't think that I can help you.
I don't think that I can fix this.
I don't think that I can eat this.
I don't think that anyone saw us.
I don't think that I deserved it.
I don't think that I can do this.
I don't think that I belong here.
I don't think that I need to go.
I don't think that I can fix it.
I don't think that I can do it.
I don't think that I need one.
I don't think that I like you.
I don't think that I know you.
I don't think that I know Tom.
I don't think that I hurt Tom.
I don't think that I can stay.
I don't think that I can move.
I don't think that I like it.
I don't think that I follow.
Everybody is afraid.
I didn't even know that you had a girlfriend.
I didn't even know that you had a boyfriend.
Are you guys going to be OK?
Someone could be watching us.
Nobody is watching us.
Nobody was watching us.
Tom isn't easily offended.
You stay here. Everybody else go outside.
I think we should stay indoors today.
I think that we should stay indoors today.
I don't think that anyone could have done better than you did.
I don't think that anyone could have stopped Tom.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that he wanted.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that he wanted.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he needed.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that needed.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he needed.
I suspected Tom might not have enough money to buy everything that needed.
I suspect that that isn't going to happen.
I suspect that that's not going to happen.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know something is going on.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know that something is going on.
I suspect Tom and Mary know something is going on.
I suspect Tom and Mary know that something is going on.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know that something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect Tom and Mary know something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect Tom and Mary know that something interesting is about to happen.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom knows Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary can't understand French.
I suspect that Tom knows that Mary can't understand French.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary used to be in prison.
I suspect Tom knows that Mary can't understand French.
I suspect that Tom knows he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect that Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect that Tom knows he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect that Tom knows that he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom knows he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom knows that he doesn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom knows he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything you say.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything that you say.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything you tell him.
I suspect Tom won't believe anything that you tell him.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything you say.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything that you tell him.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary she needs to do that today.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary that she needs to do that today.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary she needs to do that today.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary that she needs to do that today.
I have no reason to think what Tom said isn't true.
I have no reason to think that what Tom said isn't true.
What makes you think Tom was the one who stole your money?
What makes you think that Tom was the one who stole your money?
You don't think that Tom suspects anything, do you?
Tom suspects Mary and I are plotting something.
The police suspected that there was a connection between the abandoned car and the dead body found three miles away.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't as eager to do that now as they were yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't as eager to do that now as they were yesterday.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had spilled coffee on his computer.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised when John walked into the room.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised when John walked into the room.
We suspect someone murdered Tom and just made it look like suicide.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he's going to Boston.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he's going to Boston.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary about what happened to him yesterday.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary about what happened to him yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that by themselves.
Tom began to suspect Mary was planning a surprise birthday party.
The police suspect the burglar got in through an unlocked window.
After a bit of googling, I suspect what you said may not be true.
The police suspect one was one of the people robbed the bank.
The police suspect that one was one of the people robbed the bank.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning on doing that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who told John to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who told John to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who told John about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who told John about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning on doing that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that tomorrow.
When did you first suspect that it was Tom who stole your money?
I suspect Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that while he's in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary want to do that as soon as possible.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want to do that as soon as possible.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't have to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't have to do that by themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who'll have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who'll have to do that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that when he's in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had broken the window.
I suspect Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I suspect that Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
I suspect Tom can't understand French as well as you can.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French as well as you can.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised when that happened.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised when that happened.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to do that.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't speak French to each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't speak French to each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't going to do that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't able to do that very well.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't able to do that very well.
I suspected Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to Boston.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he's going to Boston.
I suspect Tom will do that next week or the week after.
I suspect that Tom will do that next week or the week after.
I suspect Tom is unaware of what's happening in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is unaware of what's happening in Boston.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that when he's in Boston.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom didn't really have to be there yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't really have to be there yesterday.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised by what happened.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised by what happened.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he wants to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he wants to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom will come to Boston in the near future.
I suspect that Tom will come to Boston in the near future.
I suspect Tom is ready to leave on a moment's notice.
I suspect that Tom is ready to leave on a moment's notice.
I suspect Tom is going to be there tonight with Mary.
I suspect that Tom is going to be there tonight with Mary.
I suspect Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I suspect that Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I suspect Tom and Mary need to do that sometime today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary need to do that sometime today.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't going to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that today.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sick of each other by now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sick of each other by now.
Tom's teacher suspected Tom had cheated on the test.
Tom's teacher suspected that Tom had cheated on the test.
The police suspect Tom also murdered his first wife.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last weekend with Mary.
I suspect that Tom went to Boston last weekend with Mary.
I suspect Tom can't understand French all that well.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French all that well.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them do that.
Tom suspected that Mary and John were dating each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't need to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't need to do that today.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't have to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't have to do that today.
Tom began to suspect that something wasn't quite right.
I suspected Tom was disappointed with the results.
I suspected that Tom was disappointed with the results.
I suspected Tom had never actually ever done that.
I suspected that Tom had never actually ever done that.
I suspect Tom would do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom would do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom would do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom would do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything you tell him.
I suspect that Tom won't believe anything that you say.
I suspect Tom needs to do that sometime this week.
I suspect that Tom needs to do that sometime this week.
I suspect Tom did that just to get some attention.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised to see John.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised to see John.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them today.
I suspect Tom and Mary need to do that right away.
I suspect that Tom and Mary need to do that right away.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have to do that today.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have to do that today.
Tom suspected Mary was the one who had done that.
Tom suspected that Mary was the one who had done that.
The police suspect Tom was trying to poison Mary.
I suspect Tom will do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom will do whatever you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom will do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect that Tom will do anything you ask him to do.
I suspect Tom doesn't do his homework by himself.
I suspect Tom and Mary do that from time to time.
I suspect that Tom and Mary do that from time to time.
Why do you suspect Tom was the one who did that?
I suspect Tom would be interested in doing that.
I suspect that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I suspect Tom isn't going to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom isn't going to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom is still in love with his ex-wife.
I suspect that Tom is still in love with his ex-wife.
I suspect Tom has to do that sometime this week.
I suspect that Tom has to do that sometime this week.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I suspect Tom and Mary were there by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were there by themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary are skeptical about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are skeptical about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are scared of each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are scared of each other.
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.
I suspect Tom will probably regret what he did.
I suspect that Tom will probably regret what he did.
I suspect Tom is unaware of what Mary has done.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to get married.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Australia now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Australia now.
I suspected Tom had never actually done that.
I suspected that Tom had never actually done that.
I suspected Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspected Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspected Tom didn't really have to do that.
I suspected that Tom didn't really have to do that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary why he did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary why he did that.
I suspect Tom won't help Mary do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom won't help Mary do that anymore.
I suspect Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect that Tom knows why Mary doesn't like him.
I suspect Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom can't do that without some help.
I suspect that Tom can't do that without some help.
I suspect Tom and Mary are worried about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are worried about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are running a con game.
Police suspect the kidnappers could be armed.
I suspected something like this might happen.
I suspected Tom had fallen in love with Mary.
I suspect Tom won't want to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom won't want to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I suspect that Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I suspect Tom is waiting for us in the lobby.
I suspect that Tom is waiting for us in the lobby.
I suspect Tom is the one who stole the money.
I suspect Tom has to go to Boston next month.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Boston next month.
I suspect Tom has never done that by himself.
I suspect that Tom has never done that by himself.
I suspect Tom has finished doing that by now.
I suspect that Tom has finished doing that by now.
I suspect Tom has agreed to do that for Mary.
I suspect that Tom has agreed to do that for Mary.
I suspect Tom expects me to help him do that.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help him do that.
I suspect Tom didn't really need to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't really need to be there.
I suspect Tom can't understand French at all.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French at all.
I suspect Tom and Mary went to Boston by car.
I suspect that Tom and Mary went to Boston by car.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both really tired.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both really tired.
I suspect Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
I suspect that Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
I always suspected Tom was a little paranoid.
Tom had no reason to suspect Mary was lying.
The police suspect Tom poisoned Mary's food.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I suspected that Tom might not have enough money.
I suspect Tom won't want to do that with us.
I suspect that Tom won't want to do that with us.
I suspect Tom won't want to dance with Mary.
I suspect that Tom won't want to dance with Mary.
I suspect Tom won't wait until we get there.
I suspect that Tom won't wait until we get there.
I suspect Tom won't need to do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom won't need to do that anymore.
I suspect Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I suspect that Tom knows who Mary's boyfriend is.
I suspect Tom isn't likely to do that today.
I suspect that Tom isn't likely to do that today.
I suspect Tom is up to his old tricks again.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
I suspect Tom has to go to Boston next week.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Boston next week.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I suspect Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
I suspect that Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
I suspect Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't really want to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't really need to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't go to Boston last week.
I suspect that Tom didn't go to Boston last week.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are wrong about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are wrong about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are right about that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are right about that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are ready to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
Tom suspected it was too late to help Mary.
Tom suspected Mary had cheated on the test.
Tom began to suspect Mary was lying to him.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was lying to him.
The police suspected Tom was a drug dealer.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary who did that.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary who did that.
I suspect Tom will come to Boston by plane.
I suspect that Tom will come to Boston by plane.
I suspect Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I suspect that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't speak French at work.
I suspect that Tom doesn't speak French at work.
I suspect Tom can do that without any help.
I suspect that Tom can do that without any help.
Tom began to suspect that Mary would leave him.
I suspect that it was Tom who broke the window.
I suspect Tom won't wait very much longer.
I suspect that Tom won't wait very much longer.
I suspect Tom won't need to do that again.
I suspect that Tom won't need to do that again.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last weekend.
I suspect that Tom went to Boston last weekend.
I suspect Tom does that from time to time.
I suspect that Tom does that from time to time.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't very hungry.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't very hungry.
I suspect Tom and Mary are ready to leave.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are ready to leave.
Tom began to suspect that something was wrong.
I suspect Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I suspect that Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I suspect Tom isn't the one who did that.
I suspect that Tom isn't the one who did that.
I suspect Tom is downstairs, watching TV.
I suspect that Tom is downstairs, watching TV.
I suspect Tom is a cold-blooded murderer.
I suspect Tom and Mary were busy all day.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were busy all day.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both mistaken.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both mistaken.
I suspect Tom and Mary are a bit puzzled.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are a bit puzzled.
I suspected that Tom wouldn't be able to win.
I suspect Tom won't be doing that today.
I suspect that Tom won't be doing that today.
I suspect Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I suspect that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I suspect Tom is in his office, working.
I suspect that Tom is in his office, working.
I suspect Tom didn't do this by himself.
I suspect that Tom didn't do this by himself.
Didn't you suspect Tom was lying to you?
I suspect Tom won't do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom won't do that by himself.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I can't help suspecting Tom lied to us.
I can't help suspecting that Tom lied to us.
Tom suspected his father was dyslexic.
Tom suspected Mary had a crush on him.
I suspect you know why I'm here today.
I suspect that you know why I'm here today.
I suspect Tom wasn't really surprised.
I suspect that Tom wasn't really surprised.
I suspect Tom isn't telling the truth.
I suspect Tom isn't in Boston anymore.
I suspect that Tom isn't in Boston anymore.
I suspect Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are successful.
I suspected Tom was lying about that.
I suspected that Tom was lying about that.
I suspect Tom will hate what you did.
I suspect that Tom will hate what you did.
I suspect that Tom will do that next week.
I suspect Tom lied to you about that.
I suspect that Tom lied to you about that.
I suspect Tom knows where Mary lives.
I suspect that Tom knows where Mary lives.
I suspect Tom isn't ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't ready to do that.
I suspect Tom is tired of doing that.
I suspect that Tom is tired of doing that.
I suspect Tom is prepared to do that.
I suspect that Tom is prepared to do that.
I suspect Tom can do that on his own.
I suspect that Tom can do that on his own.
I suspect Tom can do that by himself.
I suspect that Tom can do that by himself.
Tom suspected Mary was lying to him.
I suspect that you don't need to do that.
I suspect that you don't have to do that.
I suspect Tom is worried about that.
I suspect that Tom is worried about that.
Tom suspected Mary was using drugs.
Tom suspected that Mary was using drugs.
I suspect that you've already done that.
I suspect Tom will hate doing that.
I suspect that Tom will hate doing that.
I suspect Tom is in love with Mary.
I suspect Tom is at home, sleeping.
I suspect that Tom is at home, sleeping.
I suspect Tom has done that before.
I suspect that Tom has done that before.
Tom suspected that something was wrong.
I suspect what Tom said was a lie.
I suspect that what Tom said was a lie.
I suspect Tom won't do that today.
I suspect that Tom won't do that today.
I suspect Tom is right about that.
I suspect that Tom is right about that.
I suspect Tom is ready to do that.
I suspect that Tom is ready to do that.
I suspect Tom cheated on the test.
Tom suspected that it might be a trap.
I suspect Tom wasn't really sick.
I suspect that Tom wasn't really sick.
I suspect Tom knows this already.
I suspect that Tom got what he wanted.
I suspect Tom did that yesterday.
I suspect that Tom did that yesterday.
Tom suspected Mary was involved.
I suspect that you know why I'm here.
I suspect Tom will be back soon.
I suspect that Tom will be back soon.
Tom suspected that Mary was kidding.
I suspected Tom was a Canadian.
I suspected that Tom was a Canadian.
I suspect Tom wasn't surprised.
I suspect that Tom wasn't surprised.
I suspected that this would happen.
I suspect that this was deliberate.
Tom suspected Mary was lying.
I suspected it was too late.
I suspected that it was too late.
I suspected Tom was unhappy.
I suspected that Tom was unhappy.
I suspect you won't like it.
I suspect that they're all gone.
I suspect that Tom knows more.
I suspect Tom was lying.
I suspect that Tom was lying.
I suspect that you're wrong.
I suspect that you're right.
I suspect that Tom is a spy.
A lawn needs to be mowed regularly and in the right way.
I'm glad that I wasn't the one who had to tell Tom that his wife had been killed.
Tom had a sneaking suspicion Mary had met up with John after the party.
I think all the coffee that I've been drinking in the afternoon is why I haven't been sleeping well.
Tom backed his car up to check, but the raccoon that he'd run over was as dead as a doornail.
Tom knew Mary wasn't very likely to be able to do what she was trying to do.
Instead of focusing on the ways that we're different, let's focus on the ways that we're similar.
I didn't know Tom was the one who taught you how to play the ukulele.
Tom didn't realize Mary didn't have enough money to buy food for her children.
At that time, Tom didn't know that Mary was the one he'd eventually get married to.
Tom knew Mary was very unlikely to be able to do what she wanted to do.
Tom didn't seem to care Mary didn't do what he asked her to do.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to be ready when he got to her house.
It's an unfinished novel.
I have absolute faith in you.
Who do you usually go to the movies with?
Next year I will return to Macao.
Ken has a lot more books than you.
She breaks out in hives if she eats shellfish.
Tom has a lot more books than you.
Everyone knows that they like each other.
Everybody knows that they like each other.
Everybody knows they like each other.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary like each other.
Everybody knows that Tom and Mary like each other.
Everybody knows Tom and Mary like each other.
Both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
Did you know that that was going to happen?
Did you know that that was happening?
Did you know that that was there?
Did you know that that would happen?
Did you know your air conditioner is broken?
Did you know your brake lights are out?
Did you know your door was open?
Did you know your oven doesn't work?
Did you know your socks don't match?
Did you not know that that was going to happen?
Do your neighbors know your house is haunted?
Do your parents know you're here?
Tom and Mary know something interesting is about to happen.
Tom and Mary know that something interesting is about to happen.
I suspected Tom liked boys.
Did you all not know that that was going to happen?
Didn't you know that that was going to happen?
Didn't you know that that would happen?
How could I know that that was going to happen?
How did we not know that that this was going to happen?
How did you know that that was going to happen?
How did you know that that would happen?
How do you know that that'll happen?
I didn't know that that was going to happen.
I didn't know that that was supposed to happen.
I didn't know that that would happen.
I know that that can't really happen.
I know that that won't happen again.
I know that that won't happen anytime soon.
I know that that won't happen today.
We both know that that's unlikely to happen.
We know that that won't happen anymore.
We know that that's never going to happen.
You know that that's not going to happen, don't you?
You know that that's what's going to happen.
Both of us knew that that would happen.
I knew that that would happen.
I knew that that was going to happen.
I knew this would happen again.
We knew that that was bound to happen.
We knew that that might happen.
Obviously, I knew that that was going to happen.
I always knew one day this would happen.
We all knew it would happen sooner or later.
Both Tom and Mary know that that isn't likely to happen.
How could Tom know that that was going to happen?
How could Tom not know that that was going to happen?
How did Tom know that that was going to happen?
How did Tom know that that would happen?
I didn't know that something like this could happen.
I happen to know Tom can't speak French.
I happen to know Tom sold his car last week.
I know something bad is going to happen.
I know something bad is likely to happen.
I want Tom to know I didn't mean for this to happen.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that that won't happen anytime soon.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that that won't happen today.
Tom and Mary both know that that isn't likely to happen.
Tom claims he didn't know that that was going to happen.
Tom didn't know that that was going to happen.
Tom didn't know that that would happen.
Tom doesn't know that that won't happen anytime soon.
Tom doesn't know that that won't happen today.
You know that that isn't likely to happen, don't you?
Sami isn't in the mood to do this now.
Sami graduated in June.
Sami just graduated high school.
Sami did that all the time.
Sami went with Layla to get her first tattoo.
Sami really doesn't remember Layla.
Sami wanted to go to a party.
Sami invited Layla to a party.
Mennad is in Cairo.
Sami knows the Cairo area.
Sami lives in a very suburban area.
Sami didn't have a motorbike.
Sami and Layla rolled up to the party.
Both Tom and Mary know that that's unlikely to happen.
Tom and Mary both know that that's unlikely to happen.
Sami parked his car in Layal's parking spot.
Sami could park anywhere.
Mennad has a parking space near his house.
Sami looked like a baby.
Sami and Layla just turned sixteen.
Sami drove there by himself.
Sami was just walking around the party.
Sami didn't know how to describe it.
Sami caught Layla off guard.
Sami is drunk as fuck.
Sami has brought his hookah in a backpack.
Sami and Layla don't even care.
Sami was smoking the hookah.
Sami hated the party.
Sami walked in with his girlfriend.
Sami had long dreadlocks.
Sami came literally out of nowhere.
Sami came out of nowhere.
Sami and Layla were smoking the hookah.
Sami doesn't know how old Layla was at the time.
Sami was so insecure.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is so insecure.
Sami doesn't want anyone to talk to his girlfriend.
Sami didn't want anyone to talk to his bitch.
Sami was talking to everybody at the party.
Sami left his girlfriend alone.
Sami is talking to Farid's girl.
Sami was talking to Farid's girlfriend.
Sami and Layla are still talking.
Sami and Layla were talking in the kitchen.
Sami saw his girlfriend talking to a boy.
Sami saw his girlfriend talking to dude at the party.
Sami looked so scared.
Sami pulled his shirt off.
Sami saw the gun.
Sami saw Layla's gun.
Sami put the hookah back into his backpack.
Sami had a gun.
Sami started walking towards his car.
Sami's car was in the garage.
Sami was walking with his girlfriend.
Sami hates this work environment.
Sami and Layla ride the same bus.
Sami hit Layla's brand new car.
Sami bought a brand new car.
Sami has a brand new car.
Sami has a brand new Ford Focus.
Sami hit somebody's car with Layla's car.
Sami hit somebody's Ford with Layla's car.
Sami was stealing from Layla.
Sami smacked Layla in the face.
Sami was smashing his female co-workers.
Sami works at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami totalled Layal's Ford Focus.
Sami did the morning shift.
Sami never usually does the morning shift.
You know that that isn't going to happen, don't you?
You and I both know that that isn't going to happen.
Didn't you know Tom did that?
Didn't you know Tom didn't like Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was here?
Did you know carp eat tadpoles?
Didn't you know Tom is afraid of you?
Didn't you know Tom had a dog?
Did you know rotten eggs float?
Didn't you know Tom is in Boston now?
Didn't you know Tom would win?
Didn't you know that that was there?
Did you know that that's from Boston?
Did you know that Tom bought a condominium?
Didn't you know I used to do that?
Didn't you know Tom was Canadian?
Did you know mosquitoes have teeth?
Didn't you know Tom also speaks French?
Didn't you know that that was happening?
Didn't you know Tom saw you doing that?
Didn't you know Tom wouldn't win?
Didn't you know your door was open?
Didn't you know Tom is a French teacher?
Didn't you know Tom was a painter?
Didn't you know oil floats on water?
Didn't you know Tom was going to Boston?
Didn't you know Tom was an ex-con?
Didn't you know Tom spent time in prison?
Did you know men can get breast cancer?
Didn't you know Tom would be here?
Did you know peanuts aren't really nuts?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be here?
Didn't you know Tom has lots of cats?
Didn't you know Tom is from Boston?
Sami likes the night shift way better.
Didn't you know I used to be a taxi driver?
Did you know Tom is good at making coffee?
Did you know that Tom is good at making coffee?
Didn't you know Tom isn't Canadian?
Didn't you know peanuts aren't really nuts?
Didn't you know your taillights weren't working?
Didn't you know Tom could play the guitar?
Didn't you know Tom moved to Boston?
Didn't you know very few people actually do that?
Didn't you know Tom owned a scooter?
Didn't you know you were supposed to help me do that?
Did you know there's a rumor going around that you two are dating?
Did you know in Japan, if you have a tattoo, you won't be allowed to bathe in many of the hot spring resorts?
Sami started in the morning.
Sami had the rest of the day to himself.
Sami was leaving in his car.
Sami is ready to leave.
Sami was ready to leave that bitch.
Sami put his car in reverse.
Sami wasn't the best driver.
Sami was not the best driver.
Sami was not a good driver.
Sami wasn't a good driver.
Sami wanted to see what Layla was doing.
Sami wasn't even looking.
Sami turned around to look behind him.
Sami has an expensive car.
Sami had an expensive German car.
Sami had a Volkswagen.
Sami bought a BMW.
Sami is gonna be poor.
Sami is going to be poor.
Sami's insurance is already high.
Sami was getting paid dirt money.
Sami got out of Layla's car.
Sami knew Layla was a doctor.
Sami had a little name tag on his shirt.
Sami was obviously in the wrong.
Sami saw the damage.
Sami's car is blue.
Sami has a blue car.
Sami and Layla did the same thing.
Sami is so fucked.
I once knew a girl that snorted every time that she laughed.
I just got a letter from someone that I knew a long time ago.
That portrait reminds me of someone that I knew a long time ago.
Sami's wing mirror was dangling off his car.
Sami looked at Layla's car.
Sami looked at Layal's face.
Sami really can't afford this car.
Sami works at this Egyptian restaurant right here.
Sami's car is more fucked than Layla's.
Sami is going to pay for this.
Sami needed to pay more attention.
Sami doesn't know cars.
Sami found Layal's car in the driveway.
Sami found Layla's car in the parking lot.
Sami is paying for it.
Sami taped the wing mirror.
Sami just sat in his car.
Sami said that fixing his car was going to cost him six hundred dollars.
Sami told me this years ago.
Sami realized that he needed to do that.
Sami needed a lot of money to fix his car.
Sami needed a lot of money to get his car fixed.
Sami was so fricking poor.
Sami destoryed Layal's confidence.
Sami smacked into Layla's car.
Sami's car is six times more expensive than Layla's.
Sami is irritated.
Sami is living in a house.
Sami is living with his parents.
Sami is not always this hostile.
Sami is just irritated.
Sami is about to move out of this neighborhood.
Sami was doing weird shit.
Sami lives in that building.
Sami is going to post this video.
Sami's mom is a cat lady.
Sami's house smells of cat shit.
Sami's apartment reeks of cat shit.
Sami's apartment is disgusting.
Sami complained about that.
Sami was driving Layla to the gas station.
Sami drinks gallons of water.
Sami doesn't have any water.
Sami isn't trying to kill himself.
Sami isn't trying to kill himself or anybody else.
Sami's car was on the patio.
Sami didn't have a problem with that.
Sami wasn't bothered by Layla's cats.
Sami lives in that apartment.
Sami lived in an apartment.
Sami didn't say it like that.
Sami said it in a sarcastic way.
Sami took pictures of Layla's car.
Sami has only been here for six months.
Sami just moved into the building.
Sami's apartment smells of ammonia.
Sami's apartment smells of piss.
Sami's house smells of cat piss.
Sami's bed smells of bed.
Sami came to the car.
Sami walked out of his building.
Sami was wearing pyjamas.
Sami's cat was following Layla.
Sami's cat had a collar.
Sami lived with an elderly couple.
Sami was fresh out of jail.
Sami and Layla would see each other all the time.
Sami was in our building.
Sami just move there.
Sami and I were chilling.
Sami's cats were outside.
Sami's cat came out of his house.
Sami's cat was taking a shit right outside of my house.
Sami's cat was taking a shit in my backyard.
Sami took pictures of his cat taking a shit.
Sami bought cat food for his cats.
Sami got mad.
Sami was holding a mug in his hand.
Sami shouldn't bring that shit over here.
Sami's house smelt like urine.
Sami's cat pissed on my doormat.
Sami looked at me through the window.
Sami quickly closed the blinds.
Sami does that, too.
Sami was looking for his phone.
Sami watched that from his car.
Sami's cat took a shit in the hallway.
Sami's building was smelling of urine.
Sami is a nice person.
Sami called animal control.
Sami threw stones at Layla's cat.
Sami swept up that trash.
Sami fed his cats in the backyard.
Sami posted the message on the forum.
Sami brought the cats in his house.
Sami's cats looked scruffy.
Sami let the cat in his house.
Sami has his own apartment.
In rainy day, you have to drive your car slowly.
Tom is a black-haired man.
Sami is here somewhere.
Sami is a real pussy.
Sami is really tall.
Sami is working on it.
Sami liked it.
Sami liked this.
Sami has posted the video.
Sami didn't want to confuse Layla.
Sami won't watch the video.
Sami isn't watching the video.
Sami set the bathroom on fire.
Sami got fire, as you guys know.
Sami highly recommends you to watch this video.
Sami needs to make a list.
Sami doesn't know what's going on.
Sami does not know what is going on.
Sami has told Layla already.
Sami watched the original video.
Sami watched this video before he watched Layla's.
Sami can't say why.
Sami knew that something was going on.
Sami knows that something is going on.
Sami met Layla right after Christmas.
Sami was trying to guess where Layla worked.
Sami was desperate for cash.
Sami worked for Walmart.
Sami worked for a pretty big company.
Sami knows Layla personally.
Sami is drinking tea.
Sami was drinking some tea.
Sami got one of the girls pregnant at the job.
Sami was smashing one of the girls at the job.
Sami wanted to work at Walmart.
Sami will never be broke again.
Sami swore to himself that he would never be broke again.
Sami is broke already.
Sami is broke again.
Sami paid his rent early.
Sami did this to relieve his stress.
Sami wanted to keep Layla awake.
Sami tried to keep Layla awake.
Sami never expected this.
Sami is going to need this.
Sami is gonna need this.
Sami got a gift card.
Sami was rewarded by his company.
Sami drank black coffee.
Sami knows people like that in college.
Sami went to college to get a degree.
Sami wants to get a degree.
Sami wanted to get a degree.
Sami was sitting next to us.
Sami learned this in college.
Sami needs that cafeine to keep going.
Sami was going to his annual appointment with his doctor.
Sami was downing and downing coffee.
Sami drinks a lot of coffee.
Sami is too young for this.
Sami needs to sober.
Sami drank sugar-free Red Bull.
Sami had to be at work at six p.m.
Sami said that was illegal.
Sami no longer smoked weed.
Sami doesn't want to smoke weed tonight.
Sami decided to quit smoking weed.
Sami smoked weed at the job.
Sami smoked weed at work.
Sami reeked of weed.
Sami smelt like a weed farm.
Sami hired people within his family.
Sami had a family business.
Sami was a janitor.
Sami was super polite.
Sami is around my age.
Sami dumped that into the big trash can.
Sami was friendly.
Sami found this in the bathroom.
Sami has to clean the bathroom.
Sami found Layla's panties behind the bathroom doro.
Sami found some cocaine in the bathroom.
Sami knows what cocaine looks like.
Sami knew what weed looked like.
Sami knew what weed smelt like.
Sami was snorting cocaine.
Sami was doing cocaine at work.
Sami sold some weed to the janitor.
Sami sells weed in high school.
Sami sold weed in school.
Sami was caught selling weed in school.
Sami earned a lot of money selling weed.
Sami wanted to dispose of the weed.
Sami needs to dispose of the weed.
Sami and Layla had that conversation a few days later.
Sami was doing drugs on the premices.
Sami and Layla both smoked weed.
Sami didn't smoke weed anymore.
Sami didn't smoke any weed anymore.
Sami stopped smoking weed for six months.
Sami couldn't stop smoking.
Sami couldn't stop smoking weed.
Sami just couldn't stop smoking weed.
Sami said he couldn't stop smoking weed.
Sami works the night shift.
Sami knew that Layla was smoking weed.
Sami usually smokes weed.
Sami can smell weed from a mile away.
Sami reported Layla to the supervisor.
Sami was smoking weed at his desk.
Sami is smoking weed in his office.
Sami clocked in at six a.m.
Sami had burn marks.
Sami put the blunt on the floor.
Sami locked himself in the bathroom to smoke a blunt.
Sami was in there, smoking weed.
Sami was in there, smoking weed, and he tried to cover it up by smoking a cigarette.
Sami called the fire department to put the fire out.
Sami didn't smoke in the bathrooms.
Sami never smokes in the bathrooms.
Sami knows that everyone smokes weed here.
Sami was selling weed to his students.
Sami found some trans people really attractive.
Sami went to a unisex bathroom.
Sami smokes weed at the job.
Sami loves to read what his followers think.
Sami loves to read what his YouTube followers think.
Sami never stole anything.
Sami has just recorded a new video.
Sami is done filming.
Sami was hired before Layla got fired.
Sami can't take his vacation during peak season.
Sami worked in the loss prevention department.
Sami is a professional scammer.
Sami did a separate video on that.
Sami stole a credit card.
Sami started working at six.
Sami hasn't noticed that.
Sami doesn't have any money to buy Christmas presents for his family.
Why do you keep provoking them?
Sami asked Layla to give him his money back.
Sami pretended that his shit was stolen.
Sami pretended that his stuff was stolen.
Sami said this in a private video.
Sami's name was there.
Sami wanted to buy something from Walmart.
Sami went to YouTube.
Sami went to youtube.com.
Sami probably doesn't know what Walmart is.
Sami doesn't want to reveal too much.
Sami was nervous that his students wouldn't like that.
Sami tried to steal some shit.
Sami was trying to steal shit.
Sami checked that manually.
Sami definitely needs this.
Sami lied.
Sami had to manually check this.
Sami checked the order and said it was good.
Sami needs to check the order.
Sami heard an airplane.
Sami lives near the airport.
Sami is the only person who thinks like that.
Sami checked the order himself.
Sami came into work at six.
Sami needed to be escorted out of the building.
Sami committed a crime and he went to work the next day.
Sami clocked in.
Sami didn't see the cops.
Sami is not in the room.
Sami isn't in the room.
Sami saw the cops outside.
Sami talked to the boss.
Sami went straight to Layla.
Sami can't reveal this information.
Sami stole some sensible credit card information from his company.
Sami was reviewing orders.
Sami was reviewing credit card disputes.
Sami went up to Layla and started yelling at her.
Sami stole a gift card.
Sami stole Layal's gift card.
Sami lost his gift card.
Sami forgot his gift card at the office.
Sami didn't ask Layla to do anything.
Sami wrote the wrong shipping address.
Sami is not going to know.
Sami isn't going to know.
Sami went to Walmart to buy this.
Sami needed to go to Walmart to buy this.
Sami needed to go to Walmart to buy that.
Sami had six credit cards.
Sami had a gift card.
Sami found Layla's credit card.
Sami took the bus to the bank.
Sami was given his money bank.
Sami has to go to his bank.
Sami left the room with the cops.
Sami was ignoring them.
Sami was waiting for the cops.
Sami dug even further.
Sami googled Layla's name.
Sami had a criminal record.
Sami didn't know that Farid was an ex-con.
Sami's girlfriend was an ex-con.
Sami has recently been hired.
Sami was in handcuffs.
Sami was in a room.
Sami wanted to see what Layla looked like.
Sami is a shoplifter.
Sami robbed some shit from Walmart.
Sami stole from the job.
Sami knew Layla personally.
Sami actually knew Layla personally.
Sami is not familiar with this cartoon.
Sami isn't familiar with this cartoon.
Sami wanted to keep this going.
Sami didn't want to disclose the name of the company.
Sami wants you to do it.
Sami is a major scammer.
Sami was talking to a customer.
Sami was on the phone, talking to a customer.
Sami was transferred from customer service.
Sami didn't even introduce himself.
Sami was on the phone with somebody else.
Sami heard that Layla had been having issues.
Sami doesn't know the customer's name.
Sami doesn't have the order number.
Sami didn't want to help that customer.
Sami transferred the call to his boss.
Sami can't say that.
Sami really likes peanuts.
Sami really liked clocks.
Sami has a clock collection.
Sami didn't say this on the phone.
Sami had some weird infatuation for cows.
Sami is taller than you.
Sami was comparing Layla to his wife.
Sami weighs 160 pounds.
Layla is not your wife.
Layla isn't your wife.
Sami wanted to buy a watch.
Sami was watching that show.
Sami can not give you his address.
Sami cannot give you his address.
Sami is living in a hotel room right now.
Sami spends all his money on clocks.
Sami is obsessed with clocks.
Sami was glad to hear how dedicated Layla was for animals.
Sami can't pay rent.
Sami can't pay rent because he's always buying books.
Sami and Layla had kids.
Sami and Layla had children.
Sami had to download that, too.
Sami bought Layla a clock.
Sami can't send any pictures to Layla.
Sami didn't want to make Layla uncomfortable.
Sami cannot send any pictures to Layla.
Sami doesn't live in Cairo.
Sami had to disconnect that call.
Sami caught somebody stealing at the office.
Sami begged Layla not to hang up.
Sami liked black girls.
Sami lost his job that day.
Sami found that inappropriate.
Sami was being prejudiced.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla looked like.
Sami had a different speaking voice on the phone.
Sami talks proper on the phone.
Sami talks proper.
Sami trained his voice to do that.
Sami trained his voice to do that accent.
Sami continued to call over and over and over again.
Sami made a lot of orders.
Sami used to call Layla's job all the time.
Aart tried to bomb Layla's job.
Sami caught Layla and Salima smashing.
Sami caught two girls smashing at work.
Sami caught Layla smashing another girl.
Sami didn't know Layla was lesbian.
Aart tried to bomb Layla's office.
Aart is a fucking racist.
Sami wants to use the bathroom.
Sami found a lesbian couple smashing in the bathroom.
Sami isn't talking about them.
Layla is married to a woman.
Sami said that Layla and Salima were married.
Sami said that Layla and Salima were a lesbian couple.
Sami and Layla rode together.
Sami and Layla eat together.
Sami took a shit.
Sami found hair on the floor.
Sami's toilet is more disgusting than the gas station toilet.
Sami was the only one there.
Sami thought he was the only one there.
Sami was cleaning up after himself.
Some things you can't change, no matter how unfair they are.
Sami sat on that disgusting toilet seat.
Sami walked out of the bathroom stall.
Sami was taking a shit in the bathroom.
Sami took a shit in that toilet stall.
Sami started to piss.
Sami caught Layla smashing a girl in the toilet.
Sami was taking a shit.
Sami was having a shit.
Sami heard another moan.
Sami heard a moan.
Sami flushed the toilet and walked out of the stall.
Sami was washing his hands.
Sami started running the water.
Sami thought that Layla was fucking someone.
Sami was fucking.
Sami was fucking in his room.
Sami was a peeping tom.
Sami was bisexual.
Sami had his gay moments.
Sami met a lesbian married couple.
Sami and Layla fucked in the bathroom.
Sami wasn't wearing pants.
Sami was sitting on the toilet.
Sami sat his bare ass in that disgusting toilet seat.
Sami watched for a few seconds.
Sami probably watched for a few minutes.
Sami found tissue paper all over the place.
Sami was dirty as fuck.
Sami's toilet was dirty as fuck.
Sami walked back to the sink.
Sami's bathroom was disgusting.
Layla and Salima were fingerbanging.
Sami went up there.
Sami wanted to shave his head.
Sami was shaving his head.
Sami was ready to do that.
Sami walked in there.
Sami went back to the sink.
Sami kept the sink running.
Sami doesn't know anything about the gay community.
Sami and Layla are on the floor.
Layla walked in on two girls smashing in the bathroom.
Sami is feeling so much better.
Sami was feeling so much better than he did before.
Sami wanted to get noticed on YouTube.
Sami was really fucking gross.
Sami curses a lot.
Sami looks similar to Richard Gere.
Sami and Layla got hired at the same time.
Sami didn't really know if Layla and Salima were sisters or not.
Sami and Farid look similar.
Sami was trying to be Layla's friend.
Layla has a nice style about her.
Sami's style was so unique.
Sami gravitated around Layla.
Sami found Layla very pretty.
Sami didn't get what I was saying.
Layla wore a really nice wig.
Sami comes to work every other day.
Layla and Salima were sisters.
Sami does his job every day.
Sami was talking to customers in a rude way.
Sami was rude to customers.
Sami wasn't satisfied.
Sami's service was rated.
Sami got a bad score.
Sami is talking to a customer.
Layla was a lesbian.
Sami was very gender-fluid.
Sami had a little crush on Layla.
Sami is way more confrontational than Layla.
Layla was interested in women.
Sami doesn't want to make Layla uncomfortable.
Sami was tired of me.
Sami's response caught Layla off guard.
Sami doesn't consider himself part of the gay community.
Sami is bisexual and doesn't consider himself part of the gay community.
Sami found this gross.
Sami never said that.
Sami was loud as fuck.
Sami is loud.
Sami was offending Layla.
Sami doesn't like the biscuits.
Sami is just doing his work.
Sami turned his desk around.
Sami was facing Layla.
Sami puked all in front of me and Layla.
Sami kept puking.
Sami got vomit on his chest and pants.
Layla might be pregnant.
Sami was puking.
Layla had a really pretty face.
Layla did have a really pretty face.
Sami cleaned up his desk.
Sami called the janitor.
Sami had to clean his office up.
Sami found this disgusting.
Layla had a baby.
Sami was hired during the holiday season.
Sami will not let Layla go.
Layla hasn't been pregnant before.
Sami likes babies.
Sami is wearing a hoodie.
Sami isn't wearing a shirt.
Sami is not wearing a shirt.
Layla just bought this wig.
Layla bought this wig from Amazon.
Sami's wig is shitty.
Sami got a wig from Amazon.
Sami bought two wigs from Amazon.
Layla likes long wigs.
Layla bought a blonde wig.
Sami passed away around six years ago.
Sami had a really funny time with Layla.
Sami doesn't like this wig.
Sami doesn't like Layla's wig.
Sami's neighborhood was well lit.
Sami came to Layla's neighborhood to hang out.
Sami lived in a neighborhood where there were multiple pools.
Sami had a class with Layla in senior year.
Sami's and Layla's last names started with B.
Sami was older.
Sami was a senior in high school.
Sami probably failed.
Sami probably died.
Sami knows Layla since high school.
Sami would pick on Layla because she was so quiet.
Sami didn't want to talk to people.
Sami asked Layla to leave him alone.
Sami asked Layla to leave Salima alone.
Sami was a few months older than Layla.
Sami was picking on Layla's younger sister.
Sami was six months older than Layla.
Sami and Layla went trick-or-treating together.
Sami doesn't remember the nickname he gave Layla.
Sami gave the math teacher a nickname.
Sami doesn't remember the nickname he gave the math teacher.
Sami liked soccer.
Sami is gonna be the main character of the story.
Sami was the ringleader.
Sami is going to be the main character of the story.
Sami is familiar with Cairo.
Sami is a redneck.
Sami was telling that to everybody.
Sami doesn't know how long this has been going on.
Sami used to pick on me.
Sami wasn't as close to Layla as Farid was.
Sami's mom was cool, too.
Sami blended in with the clique.
Sami quickly blended in with the clique.
Sami tried to blend in with the clique.
Sami called Farid "fag."
Sami drove a pick-up truck with a confederate flag on it.
Sami was a black dude.
Sami wore pink girly shirts.
Sami hung out with white rednecks.
Sami was in the back of the pick-up truck.
Sami is so weird.
Sami was so weird.
Sami was on the passenger side of the truck.
Sami was sitting in the passenger seat of the truck.
Sami knows Layla, too.
Sami was very flamboyant but not gay.
Sami was very gender-fluid but not gay.
Sami was talking to white rednecks.
Sami and Layla were being casual.
Sami was being casual with his students.
Sami was chilling with a bunch of white rednecks.
Sami showed us Layla's house.
Sami drove down that road.
Sami took pictures with a confederate flag.
Sami posted the pictures on the Internet.
Sami was seen with a confederate flag.
Sami was seen carrying a Nazi flag.
Sami had a soccer ball.
Sami lent Layla his soccer ball.
Sami ran out of the car.
Sami threw the bottle on the floor.
Sami dropped his phone on the dirt.
Sami was fighting.
Sami was beating the fuck out of Layla.
Sami was not muscular.
Sami was beating the fuck out of Farid's ass.
Sami was beating the shit out of Farid's ass.
Sami ran to the truck.
Sami kicked one of the cops.
Sami started bleeding profusely.
Sami needed to stop.
Sami drove to the hospital.
Sami was recording it.
Sami knows that Layla recorded the fight.
Sami was talking about his neighborhood.
Sami had to get stitches.
Sami needed to get stitches.
Sami was downloading porn videos.
Sami was a fucking mess.
Sami pulled up.
Sami has just died.
Sami is going to judge you anyway.
Sami was dancing naked.
Sami found this funny.
Sami has never seen my face before.
Sami has just done some stupid shit.
Sami is usually the black sheep of the family.
Sami was the black sheep of the family.
Sami and Layla were just chilling.
Sami and Layla were watching YouTube together.
Sami and Layla were watching YouTube videos.
Sami and Layla haven't lived together for six years.
Sami has just got his first little job.
Sami was just very spoilt.
Sami's car is newer than my car.
Sami liked that.
Sami doesn't have a job.
Sami had a big car.
Sami is tall, so he needs a big car.
Sami played football.
Sami doesn't really know how to talk to girls.
It's not as scary as you think.
Tom looked a bit worried.
Monkeys love bananas.
Tom loves bananas.
Mary also likes bananas.
No one really cares what you have to say.
I hope I made the right decision.
I hope you won't take this the wrong way.
I hope he didn't take that too hard.
I hope Tom didn't take that too hard.
I hope Tom didn't take it too hard.
I'm sorry, but there's no other way.
You can have as many as you want.
He didn't want to tell me.
She didn't want to tell me.
I couldn't help overhearing a bit of your conversation.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation.
Tom was a little disheartened.
Mary was a little disheartened.
Mary slammed the phone down.
Tom slammed the phone down.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with Tom.
Tom didn't want to tell me.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with him.
I couldn't help overhearing your conversation with her.
Tom is in his late teens.
Tom spilled some tea on the table.
Mary is in her late teens.
Tom is in his early forties.
Tom and Mary sipped their tea in silence.
Tom sipped his tea in silence.
Lately, nostalgia has been a common topic.
I forgot to take care of that.
Will it help?
Can you make a small change?
Tom has too many social obligations.
It seems like it's backwards.
I just can't stop.
You've lied to me before.
You've lied to me before. Why should I trust you now?
I've had all that I can eat.
I know I have to be better.
I know I have to do better.
I know that I have to do better.
I tell people all the time they should do that.
I tell people all the time that they should do that.
I did the very best I could.
I did the very best that I could.
Tom did the very best he could.
Tom did the very best that he could.
I can't help but think we're doing this wrong.
I can't help but think that we're doing this wrong.
I can't help but think we're making a mistake.
I can't help but think that we're making a mistake.
I know a lot of people who wish they were richer.
I know a lot of people who wish that they were richer.
Tom said I didn't have to do that today.
Tom said that I didn't have to do that today.
I know we have what it takes.
I know that we have what it takes.
Didn't you know Tom was going out with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was in Boston last week?
Didn't you know Tom was in Boston last year?
Didn't you know Tom was seeing someone else?
Didn't you know Tom would be here this week?
Didn't you know Tom and I are Mary's parents?
Didn't you know Tom isn't really from Boston?
Didn't you know Tom and I often sing together?
Didn't you know Tom isn't planning to do that?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't having a good time?
Didn't you know Tom and I had to do that alone?
Didn't you know Tom had a house on Park Street?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be here today?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't paid for doing that?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't planning to do that?
Didn't you know Tom and I often travel together?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary often eat together?
Didn't you know Tom passed away three years ago?
Didn't you know Tom and I often do that together?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary often sing together?
Didn't you know Tom isn't planning on doing that?
Didn't you know Tom is an extremely gifted artist?
Didn't you know Tom was going to Boston with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't planning on doing that?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary often travel together?
Didn't you know Tom was going to do that with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary often do that together?
Didn't you know Tom said he wasn't going to do that?
Didn't you know Tom doesn't understand French at all?
Didn't you know Tom saw you in the park this morning?
Didn't you know Tom passed away about three years ago?
Didn't you know that Tom passed away about three years ago?
Didn't you know Tom was going to go fishing with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Boston this week?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were writing a novel together?
Didn't you know Tom was going to be in Boston next October?
Didn't you know Tom was planning to attend today's meeting?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't planning to attend today's meeting?
Didn't you know Tom would be upset if he saw you kissing Mary?
Don't you know that everyone is talking about us?
Don't you know everyone is talking about us?
Don't you know everybody is talking about us?
I wanted to let you know that I'd be late.
I want you to know that I'll work very hard.
I want everybody to know that I'm not a murderer.
I want everybody to know that I'm not the one who did that.
I want everyone to know that I'm not the one who did that.
I want everyone to know about what happened.
I want everybody to know about what happened.
I think you know that that isn't true.
I think you know that that's not true.
I think you know that isn't true.
You're the only person I know who owns a gun.
You're the only person that I know who owns a gun.
You're the only person I know who likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person that I know who likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person that I know who never complains about the food here.
You're the only person that I know who has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person I know who has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person that I know who doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person I know who doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person that I know who can't swim.
You're the only Canadian I know who doesn't like bacon.
You're the only Canadian that I know who doesn't like bacon.
You should let Tom know that that's not going to happen.
You should let Tom know that that isn't going to happen.
We now know that that isn't true.
We now know that that's not true.
We now know that isn't true.
I need to know that someone cares.
Tom needs to know that someone cares.
Tom needs to know that somebody cares.
I need to know someone cares.
I need to know somebody cares.
Tom needs to know someone cares.
Tom needs to know somebody cares.
How many people do you know who don't have health insurance?
How many people do you know who can speak French?
I know you know I know.
I know you know I know Tom knows.
I know that you know that I know that Tom knows.
I know that you'll forgive me.
I know that you'll learn a lot.
I know that you're rich.
I know that we're not supposed to do that.
I know that we aren't supposed to do that.
I know we're not supposed to do that.
I know we aren't supposed to do that.
I know that we're not supposed to be doing this.
I know that we aren't supposed to be doing this.
I know that you're learning French at school.
I know that you're in love with me.
I know that you're busy.
I know that the last thing that you want to do is help me.
I know that the last thing that you want to do is hurt me.
I know the last thing that you want to do is help me.
I know the last thing you want to do is hurt me.
I know the last thing that you want to do is hurt me.
I know the last thing you want to do is help me.
I know that that'll be hard to do.
I know that that'll be difficult to do.
I know that'll be hard to do.
I know that'll be difficult to do.
I know that it's highly unlikely I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know it's highly unlikely I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know it's highly unlikely that I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
I know that it's hard to do that.
I know that it's difficult to do that.
I know it's hard to do that.
I know it's difficult to do that.
I know that it's highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I know that it's highly unlikely we'll see any whales today.
I know that it's highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
I know that it's highly unlikely we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know that it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know that it's highly unlikely anyone would be willing to help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely anyone knows me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
I know that it's highly unlikely anybody knows me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anybody knows me.
I know that it's highly unlikely anyone can help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anyone can help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely anybody can help me.
I know that it's highly unlikely that anybody can help me.
I know I did nothing wrong.
I know that I can't do that as well as you.
I know that I can't do that as well as you can.
I know that I can't do that as well as Tom.
I know that I can't do that as well as Tom can.
I'm sure I calculated the bill correctly.
I'm sure that I calculated the bill correctly.
I know that I'm a good teacher.
I know that that's not worth doing.
I know that that isn't worth doing.
I know that isn't worth doing.
I know that that isn't why you're here.
I know that that's not why you're here.
I know that isn't why you're here.
I know that that isn't the reason you're here.
I know that that's not the reason you're here.
I know that isn't the reason you're here.
I know that's not the reason you're here.
I know that that isn't what you want.
I know that that's not what you want.
I know that that isn't true.
I know that that's not true.
I know that that isn't the truth.
I know that that's not the truth.
I know that that isn't how it really is.
I know that that's not how it really is.
I know that that isn't enough.
I know that that's not enough.
I know that that's no good.
I know that that's my ticket.
I know that that's impossible.
I know that that's important to you.
I know that isn't what you want.
I know that isn't true.
I know that isn't how it really is.
I know that isn't enough.
We know that if we have this problem, then everyone else has this problem, too.
We know if we have this problem, then everyone else has this problem, too.
We know if we have this problem, then everybody else has this problem, too.
We know that that isn't true.
We know that that's not true.
We know that isn't true.
You know that that's not true.
You know that that isn't true.
You know eventually everyone's going to know about this.
You know eventually everybody's going to know about this.
You know that eventually everyone's going to know about this.
You know that that isn't true, don't you?
You know that that's not true, don't you?
You know that isn't true, don't you?
You know that's not true, don't you?
You know that that isn't right.
You know that that's not right.
You know that isn't right.
You know that that isn't right, don't you?
You know that that's not right, don't you?
You know that isn't right, don't you?
You know that's not right, don't you?
You know that that isn't possible, don't you?
You know that that's not possible, don't you?
You know that that isn't possible.
You know that that's not possible.
I just want to let you know that I think that you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I think that you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I hope that you know that the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope that you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope that you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know that I love you.
I hope you know that the last thing that I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you know that the last thing that I want to do is go there without your permission.
Who else do you know who can speak French?
I don't want anybody to know that I'm rich.
I don't want anybody to know I'm rich.
I don't want anyone to know I'm rich.
How do you know that you aren't mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know that you aren't mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know that you're not mistaking me for someone else?
Why do you think you need a bodyguard?
Why do you think that you need a bodyguard?
How do you know that that isn't true?
How do you know that that's not true?
How do we know that that isn't true?
How do we know that that's not true?
How do you know that isn't true?
How do you know that's not true?
How do we know that isn't true?
How do we know that's not true?
How do I know that you aren't just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know you aren't just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know you're not just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I know that you aren't going to try to kill me?
How do I know you aren't going to try to kill me?
How do I know you're not going to try to kill me?
I didn't know you'd be there.
I didn't know you would be there.
I didn't know that somebody was watching me.
I didn't know that somebody was following me.
I didn't know that I was adopted until I was thirteen years old.
I didn't know I was adopted until I was thirteen.
I didn't know I was adopted until I was thirteen years old.
Don't you know you are the laughingstock of the whole town?
Don't you know Tom passed away three years ago?
Don't you know that Tom passed away three years ago?
Did you even know you could buy apples at that store?
We women want you men to know we don't agree with you.
Those who know me know I can't speak French.
Those who know me know that I can't speak French.
Those who know me know I can't do that.
Those who know me know that I can't do that.
Those who know me know I won't do that.
Those who know me know that I won't do that.
Those who know me know I'm pretty good at doing that.
Those who know me know that I'm pretty good at doing that.
Those who know me know I'm pretty good at chess.
Those who know me know that I'm pretty good at chess.
How were we supposed to know something had happened to you?
I wanted to let you know I'd be late.
I want you to know you can trust me.
I want you to know I'll do that for you.
I want you to know that I'll do that for you.
I want you to know I don't like doing things like that.
I want you to know that I don't like doing things like that.
I want you to know I'll always love you.
I want you to know I'll be here as long as you need me.
I want you to know that I'll be here as long as you need me.
I want you to know I'll work very hard.
I want you to know I meant every word I said.
I want you to know I love you.
I want you to know I can't be there tomorrow.
I want you to know I believe you.
I just want you to know I don't believe you.
I just want you to know that I don't believe you.
I want you all to know I'll never change.
I want you all to know I don't understand French very well.
I want you all to know that I don't understand French very well.
I want to know what I'm doing is right.
I want the whole world to know we're in love.
I want the whole world to know we're going to get married.
I want everybody to know I'm not a murderer.
I want everyone to know I'm not a murderer.
I think you should know I don't really like you very much.
I think you should know I don't understand French very well.
I think you should know that I don't understand French very well.
I think you should know I can't do that.
I think you should know that I can't do that.
I think you should know I have to do that today.
I think you should know that I have to do that today.
I think you should know I won't do that.
I think you should know that I won't do that.
I think you should know I won't do that for you.
I think you should know that I won't do that for you.
I think you should know I can't go with you tomorrow.
I think you should know that I can't go with you tomorrow.
I think you know we need to hurry.
I think you know we need to do that.
I think you know that we need to do that.
I think you know we need to do that today.
I think you know that we need to do that today.
I think you know we need to buy some more food.
I think you know that we need to buy some more food.
I think you know we have to do that.
I think you know that we have to do that.
I think you know we have to do that today.
I think you know that we have to do that today.
I think you know we have to help Tom.
I think you know that we have to help Tom.
I think you know we have to help Tom do that.
I think you know that we have to help Tom do that.
I think you know Tom isn't going to be here today.
I think you know that Tom isn't going to be here today.
I think you know Tom isn't going to do that.
I think you know that Tom isn't going to do that.
I think you know Tom isn't going to do that unless you help him.
I think you know that Tom isn't going to do that unless you help him.
I think you know Tom isn't planning to do that.
I think you know that Tom isn't planning to do that.
I think you know that that's not a good idea.
I think you know that that's inappropriate.
I think you know that that's impossible.
I think you know that'll be impossible to do.
I think you know that that'll be impossible to do.
I think you know we can't do that.
I think you know that we can't do that.
I think you know that's impossible to do.
I think you know that that's impossible to do.
I think most people know peanuts aren't nuts.
I think I know girl over there.
Do they know we know?
I suppose you already know that that's my car.
I should let you know I'm not optimistic.
You should let Tom know that's not going to happen.
You should let Tom know that isn't going to happen.
You should know that that's impossible.
Most people know sea water is undrinkable.
Most people know sea water isn't drinkable.
Most people know that sea water isn't drinkable.
Many people don't know peanuts aren't nuts.
Many people don't know antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
We now know that that was a lie.
You never look angry, even though I know sometimes you are.
I needed to know you were OK.
I need to know you're doing what we asked you to do.
You must know I snore.
Tom might not know we're here.
Tom might know we're here.
Tom needs to know we're here.
Tom needs to know that we're here.
Tom probably knows we're here.
Tom probably knows that we're here.
It means a lot to me to know you want me to stay.
It means a lot to me to know you care.
It means a lot to me to know that you care.
It means a lot to me to know you love me.
It means a lot to me to know that you love me.
It means a lot to me to know you did that just for me.
It means a lot to me to know that you did that just for me.
Tom let us know he had arrived.
Tom let us know that he had arrived.
Tom let us know he would do that.
Tom let us know that he would do that.
Tom let Mary know he would do that.
Tom let Mary know that he would do that.
Tom let me know he would do that.
Tom let me know that he would do that.
Tom let us know he wouldn't do that.
Tom let us know that he wouldn't do that.
Tom let Mary know he wouldn't do that.
Tom let Mary know that he wouldn't do that.
Tom let me know he wouldn't do that.
Tom let me know that he wouldn't do that.
Tom let us know he couldn't do that.
Tom let us know that he couldn't do that.
Tom let Mary know he couldn't do that.
Tom let me know he couldn't do that.
Tom let us know he could do that.
Tom let us know that he could do that.
Tom let Mary know he could do that.
Tom let Mary know that he could do that.
Tom let me know he could do that.
Tom let me know that he could do that.
Tom let us know he didn't want to do that.
Tom let us know that he didn't want to do that.
Tom let Mary know he didn't want to do that.
Tom let Mary know that he didn't want to do that.
Tom let me know he didn't want to do that.
Tom let me know that he didn't want to do that.
Tom let us know he wanted to do that.
Tom let us know that he wanted to do that.
Tom let Mary know he wanted to do that.
Tom let me know he wanted to do that.
Tom let us know he needed to do that.
Tom let us know that he needed to do that.
Tom let Mary know he needed to do that.
Tom let Mary know that he needed to do that.
Tom let me know he needed to do that.
Tom let me know that he needed to do that.
Tom let us know he needs do that.
Tom let us know that he needs do that.
Tom let Mary know he needs do that.
Tom let Mary know that he needs do that.
Tom let me know he needs do that.
Tom let me know that he needs do that.
Tom let us know he didn't like to do that.
Tom let us know that he didn't like to do that.
Tom let Mary know he didn't like to do that.
Tom let Mary know that he didn't like to do that.
Tom let me know he didn't like to do that.
Tom let me know that he didn't like to do that.
Tom let us know he didn't like doing that.
Tom let us know that he didn't like doing that.
Tom let Mary know he didn't like doing that.
Tom let Mary know that he didn't like doing that.
Tom let me know he didn't like doing that.
Tom let me know that he didn't like doing that.
I know your work isn't easy.
I know you've been waiting for this.
I know you're very angry.
I know you're vegetarians.
I know you're upset right now.
I know you're uncomfortable.
I know you're the boss.
I know that you're the boss.
I know you're Canadian.
I know that you're Canadian.
I know that you can't speak French.
I know you don't know how to speak French.
I know that you don't know how to speak French.
I know you don't like Boston.
I know that you don't like Boston.
I know you're still in love with me.
I know you're smart.
I know you're disappointed.
I know you're currently writing a book.
I know you're conservative.
I know you're bluffing.
I know you're a teacher.
I know that you're doing your best.
I know you're having trouble in French class.
I know that you're having trouble in French class.
I know you wouldn't do something like that.
I know you wouldn't do that.
I know that you won't do that.
I know you'll learn a lot.
I know you'll forgive me.
I know that you'll do that.
I know you'll have a lot of fun.
I know that you'll have a lot of fun.
I know you'll enjoy this movie.
I know that you'll enjoy this movie.
I know you'll be able to do that.
I know that you'll be able to do that.
I know you won't be here tomorrow.
I know that you won't be here tomorrow.
I know you won't like this movie.
I know that you won't like this movie.
I know you won't be in Boston next week.
I know that you won't be in Boston next week.
I know you won't be in Australia next year.
I know that you won't be in Australia next year.
I know you don't have an umbrella.
I know that you don't have an umbrella.
I know you were unimpressed.
I know you weren't impressed.
I know that you weren't impressed.
I know you want me back.
I know you still want to see me.
I know you still want to be with me.
I know you still want to do that.
I know that you still want to do that.
I know you still think about me.
I know you still do that.
I know that you still do that.
I know you still can't do that very well.
I know that you still can't do that very well.
I know you still miss me.
I know you tried your hardest.
I know that you tried your hardest.
I know you play the drums.
I know you can't play the guitar.
I know that you can't play the guitar.
I know you live here.
I know you don't like coffee.
I know that you don't like coffee.
I know you don't like chocolate.
I know that you don't like chocolate.
I know you lied.
I know you weren't lying.
I know that you weren't lying.
I know that you didn't do that.
I know you were in Boston last weekend.
I know that you were in Boston last weekend.
I know you were in Australia the year before last.
I know that you were in Australia the year before last.
I know you lied to me the other day.
I know you have issues with your mom.
I know you hate your job.
I know you feel helpless.
I know you don't speak French.
I know you don't speak French very well.
I know you don't often leave early.
I know you don't do that.
I know that you don't do that.
I know you don't do that anymore.
I know that you don't do that anymore.
I know you don't live here anymore.
I know that you don't live here anymore.
I know that you don't like Tom.
I know you don't like me as much as you like Tom.
I know that you don't like me as much as you like Tom.
I know you don't like Tom as much as you like Mary.
I know that you don't like Tom as much as you like Mary.
I know you don't like me anymore.
I know that you don't like me anymore.
I know you don't care what happens.
I know that you don't care what happens.
I know you don't care what happens to me.
I know that you don't care what happens to me.
I know you can take care of yourselves.
I know that you can take care of yourselves.
I know you aren't stupid.
I know that you aren't really busy.
I know you aren't enjoying yourself here.
I know that you aren't enjoying yourself here.
I know you aren't ready.
I know you aren't ready to do that.
I know that you aren't ready to do that.
I know you aren't ready to leave.
I know that you aren't ready to leave.
I know you're a vegetarian.
I know that you're a vegetarian.
I know you're Canadians.
I know that you're Canadians.
I know you're rich.
I know that I'm supposed to do that.
I know we're not supposed to be doing this.
I know I'm supposed to do this.
I know that I'm supposed to do this.
I know you're learning French at school.
I know Tom is in love with me.
I know that Tom is in love with me.
I know you're in love with Tom.
I know that you're in love with Tom.
I know you all are cowards.
I know you're cowards.
I know that you're cowards.
I know you're a coward.
I know that you're a coward.
I know that that would make you happy.
I know that that would make me happy.
I know that that won't work.
I know what I did was really stupid.
I know we still love each other.
I know we can take care of ourselves.
I know we can help.
I know that we can do that if we try.
I know we can do this if we try.
I know that we can do this if we try.
I know that that wasn't what I was supposed to do.
I know that that wasn't the right thing to do.
I know that that wasn't the answer you wanted.
I know that that wasn't correct.
I know that that was a mistake.
I know this is the beginning of the end.
I know this is strange.
I know this is important.
I know this is important for us all.
I know this has been difficult for you.
I know this doesn't really matter.
I know this doesn't interest you.
I know things haven't been easy for you.
I know there will be a lot of good food at the picnic.
I know there was a big church here.
I know that that sounds naive.
I know that that sounds crazy.
I know that that sounds idiotic.
I know something horrible has happened.
I know something bad has happened.
I know something horrible will happen.
I know that something horrible will happen.
I know something bad will happen.
I know that something bad will happen.
I know someone in your position wouldn't do something like that.
I know some people value my work.
I know some people appreciate my work.
I know some of your students don't like you.
I know Tom is Canadian.
I know that Tom is Canadian.
I know Mary is cute.
I know that Mary is cute.
I know Mary is beautiful.
I know Tom has been busy.
I know that Tom has been busy.
I know that you've been busy.
I know Tom is asleep.
I know Tom doesn't know who I am.
I know that Tom doesn't know who I am.
I know you don't know who I am.
I know that you don't know who I am.
I know plenty of guys want to go out with you.
I know lots of people want to do that.
I know that lots of people want to do that.
I know lots of people don't want to do that.
I know that lots of people don't want to do that.
I know lots of people can do that.
I know that lots of people can do that.
I know lots of people are able to do that.
I know that lots of people are able to do that.
I know nothing lasts forever.
I know most people here hate me.
I know most people here don't like me very much.
I know most people here can't speak French.
I know that most people here can't speak French.
I know most people here can speak French.
I know that most people here can speak French.
I know most people here don't like fishing.
I know that most people here don't like fishing.
I know most people here don't like doing that.
I know that most people here don't like doing that.
I know most people here don't like swimming.
I know that most people here don't like swimming.
I know most people here don't eat meat.
I know that most people here don't eat meat.
I know most people here will need to do that.
I know that most people here will need to do that.
I know most people here want to leave.
I know that most people here want to leave.
I know money isn't everything.
I know that that means a lot to you.
I know Mary loves me.
I know Mary is pretty.
I know Mary is more beautiful than I am.
I know life is short.
I know that that job wasn't easy.
I know it's there.
I know it's the truth.
I know it's inevitable.
I know it's inevitable that that'll happen.
I know that it's inevitable that that'll happen.
I know that you weren't the one who did that.
I know you were the one who did that.
I know that you were the one who did that.
I know you weren't the ones who did that.
I know that you weren't the ones who did that.
I know it sounds crazy, but you've got to believe me.
I know it is highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I know it's highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I know it's highly unlikely we'll see any whales today.
I know it's highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
I know it's highly unlikely we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know it's highly unlikely anyone would be willing to help me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.
I know it's highly unlikely anyone knows me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
I know it's highly unlikely anybody knows me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anybody knows me.
I know it's highly unlikely anyone can help me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anyone can help me.
I know it's highly unlikely anybody can help me.
I know it's highly unlikely that anybody can help me.
I know that that isn't good.
I know I've changed.
I know I'm supposed to enjoy this class, but I don't.
I know I'm stingy.
I know I'm sometimes obstinate.
I know I'm sometimes obnoxious.
I know I'm safe.
I know I'm replaceable.
I know I'm ready.
I know I'm overweight.
I know I'm a little overweight.
I know that I'm a little overweight.
I know I'm not ready.
I know I'm not ready to do that yet.
I know that I'm not ready to do that yet.
I know I'm lazy.
I know I'm a bit lazy.
I know that I'm a bit lazy.
I know I'm dying.
I know I'm crazy.
I know I'm a little crazy.
I know that I'm a little crazy.
I know I'm correct.
I know I'm correct about that.
I know that I'm correct about that.
I know I'm conceited.
I know I'm a bit conceited.
I know that I'm a bit conceited.
I know I'm biased.
I know I may be biased.
I know that I may be biased.
I know I'm annoying.
I know I'm sometimes annoying.
I know that I'm sometimes annoying.
I know I'm adopted.
I know I'll die soon.
I know I may die soon.
I know that I may die soon.
I know I'll be punished for doing that.
I know that I'll be punished for doing that.
I know I'll be arrested.
I know I'm likely be arrested.
I know that I'm likely be arrested.
I know I won't like it.
I know I won't like it here.
I know that I won't like it here.
I know I won't like doing that.
I know that I won't like doing that.
I know I won't like it in Boston.
I know that I won't like it in Boston.
I know I won't like living in Boston.
I know that I won't like living in Boston.
I know I was wrong.
I know that I was wrong about that.
I know I was mistaken.
I know I was mistaken about that.
I know that I was mistaken about that.
I know I shouldn't eat this, but I think I will.
I know that I shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't help you.
I know that I shouldn't help you.
I know I should sleep for at least eight hours a day, however I usually sleep less.
I know I shouldn't lie.
I know that I shouldn't lie.
I know that I should be doing that now.
I know I should be in Boston now.
I know that I should be in Boston now.
I know I should be with Tom now.
I know that I should be with Tom now.
I know I haven't been a very good father.
I know I haven't been doing what I should've been doing.
I know that I haven't been doing what I should've been doing.
I know I can be better.
I know that I can be better.
I know I can do this better.
I know that I can do this better.
I know I don't want to be married to you.
I know I don't know.
I know I don't deserve you.
I know I don't know everything there is to know about that.
I know that I don't know everything there is to know about that.
I know I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I know I can't do that as well as you.
I know I can't do that as well as you can.
I know I can't do that as well as Tom.
I know I can't do that as well as Tom can.
I know I can take care of myself.
I know we can count on Tom.
I know that we can count on Tom.
I know we can count on Tom to do that.
I know that we can count on Tom to do that.
I know we can count on Tom to do that for us.
I know that we can count on Tom to do that for us.
I know we can't count on Tom to do that.
I know that we can't count on Tom to do that.
I know we can't count on Tom to do that for us.
I know that we can't count on Tom to do that for us.
I know I calculated the bill correctly.
I know I'm a good teacher.
I know Tom knows.
I know Tom isn't going to pay me for doing that.
I know that Tom isn't going to pay me for doing that.
I know Tom isn't going to pay me for doing this.
I know that Tom isn't going to pay me for doing this.
I know Tom is a famous musician.
I know that Tom is a famous musician.
I know Tom can draw.
I know that Tom can draw.
I know hard work pays off.
I know everything I need is here.
I know doing this must seem dangerous to you.
I know that that doesn't matter.
I know that that doesn't look good.
I know deep down you're a good person.
I know that that can be tough.
I know all of this is just a game.
I know that that's who you're looking for.
I know that that's true.
I know that that's real important.
They know I talked to you.
We know you lied to us.
We know that you lied to us.
We know we're going to lose.
We know water boils at 100 degrees.
We know that to be a fact.
We know this is impossible.
We know Tom was born in Australia.
We know that Tom was born in Australia.
I know Tom was born in Boston.
I know that Tom was born in Boston.
We know everything we need to do is on the list.
We know all men are mortal.
You know your French is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your French is.
You know you're right, don't you?
You know we don't have much time right now.
You know once you're inside, you'll never be able to get out.
You know I'm still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know I'm still planning to go, don't you?
You know I'm still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know I'm still planning on going, don't you?
You know I like you.
You know I like you, don't you?
You know that I like you, don't you?
You know I don't like eggs.
You know that Tom won't do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't need to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't need to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't have to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't have to do that, don't you?
You know Tom wants to do that, don't you?
You know Tom likes to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom likes to do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't like to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't like to do that, don't you?
You know Tom has to do that, don't you?
You know Tom should do that, don't you?
You know Tom doesn't need do that, don't you?
You know that Tom doesn't need do that, don't you?
You know Tom shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know you don't need to do that, don't you?
You know that you don't need to do that, don't you?
You know you don't want to do that, don't you?
You know that you don't want to do that, don't you?
You know you have to do that, don't you?
You know that you have to do that, don't you?
You know you should do that, don't you?
You know that you should do that, don't you?
You know you don't need do that, don't you?
You know that you don't need do that, don't you?
You know you shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know that you shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know I won't do that, don't you?
You know I want to do that, don't you?
You know that I want to do that, don't you?
You know I like to do that, don't you?
You know that I like to do that, don't you?
You know I don't like to do that, don't you?
You know that I don't like to do that, don't you?
You know I don't need to do that, don't you?
You know I don't have to do that, don't you?
You know I need do that, don't you?
You know that I need do that, don't you?
You know I have to do that, don't you?
You know I should do that, don't you?
You know that I should do that, don't you?
You know I don't need do that, don't you?
You know that I don't need do that, don't you?
You know that I shouldn't do that, don't you?
You know that that's wrong, right?
You know that that's the truth.
You know that that's just wrong.
You know that that's impossible.
You know that that's got to be done today, don't you?
You know that that's a lie.
You know that that's a big part of it.
You know that won't be possible.
You know that that won't be possible.
You know that isn't possible, don't you?
You know that's not possible, don't you?
You know that's impossible, don't you?
You know that that's impossible, don't you?
You know that's a lie, don't you?
You know that that's a lie, don't you?
We just wanted you to know we care.
I just wanted to let you know I can't be here tomorrow.
I just wanted to let you know I can't do that.
I just wanted to let you know that I can't do that.
I just wanted to let you know I can't do that today.
I just wanted to let you know that I can't do that today.
I just want you to know I'm here for you.
I just want you to know I won't be able to come to your picnic.
I just want you to know I won't be able to attend your wedding.
I just want you to know that I won't be able to attend your wedding.
I just want you to know I regret it.
I just want you to know I regret doing that.
I just want you to know that I regret doing that.
I just want you to know I really love you.
I just want you to know I really like you.
I just want you to know I know.
I just want you to know I forgive you.
I just want to let you know I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to let you know I think that you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I just know it's not right.
I just know I don't want to be married to you.
You just have to know it works. You don't need to know how it works.
It hurts to know everything between us is over.
I hope that you know the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you know the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I hope that you know the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope you know the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope that you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know I love you.
I hope you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know I love you.
I hope you know the last thing that I want to do is hurt you.
I hope you know the last thing that I want to do is go there without your permission.
Does Tom know you love him?
Whatever happens, I want you to know I love you.
I guess both of us know we shouldn't be doing this.
At first, I didn't know my leg was broken.
I don't like people to know I can't swim.
I don't like people to know I can't read.
They don't know I'm Canadian.
They don't know that I'm Canadian.
They don't know we're Canadians.
They don't know that we're Canadians.
Tom doesn't know I'm Canadian.
Tom doesn't know I have a cat.
Tom doesn't know I have three cats.
Tom doesn't know that I have three cats.
How do you know your house is haunted?
How do you know you're not mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know you aren't mistaking me for someone else?
How do you know you aren't mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know you don't need a bodyguard?
How do you know you can't do it unless you try?
How do you know that that was the cause?
How do you know light travels faster than sound?
How do we know light travels faster than sound?
How do we know that light travels faster than sound?
How do you know that that's true?
How do we know that's true?
How do we know that that's true?
How do you actually know that that's the case?
How do we know Tom is innocent?
How do we know that Tom is innocent?
How do we know that man is who he says he is?
How do we know that that man is who he says he is?
I didn't need to understand French to know they were angry.
I didn't know your mother lived with you.
I didn't know you'd already bought eggs.
I didn't know you wouldn't be there.
I didn't know you worked for a security company.
I didn't know you weren't Canadian.
I didn't know you weren't Canadians.
I didn't know that you weren't Canadians.
I didn't know you were waiting.
I didn't know you were so unhappy.
I didn't know you were so unhappy here.
I didn't know that you were so unhappy here.
I didn't know you were such superstitious people.
I didn't know that you were such superstitious people.
I didn't know you were still high school students.
I didn't know that you were still high school students.
I didn't know you were sick, so I didn't visit you in the hospital.
I didn't know you were married to each other.
I didn't know that you were married to each other.
I didn't know you were going to Boston with us.
I didn't know you were going to be there.
I didn't know you were Canadians.
I didn't know that you were Canadians.
I didn't know you were born in Boston, too.
I didn't know you were a French teacher.
I didn't know you were French teachers.
I didn't know that you were French teachers.
I didn't know you used to work here.
I didn't know you owned a truck.
I didn't know you had so much money.
I didn't know you had so many cats.
I didn't know you couldn't understand French.
I didn't know you could understand French.
I didn't know you could see me.
I didn't know you could drive.
I didn't know you could dance so well.
I didn't know that that would embarrass you.
I didn't know what we were doing wasn't legal.
I didn't know what we were doing was illegal.
I didn't know what we were doing was against the law.
I didn't know what I'd done wasn't legal.
I didn't know what I'd done was wrong.
I didn't know what I'd done was illegal.
I didn't know what I'd done was against the rules.
I didn't know what I'd done was against the law.
I didn't know what I was doing was illegal.
I didn't know what I did was wrong.
I didn't know we were related.
I didn't know that that was there.
I didn't know that that was public knowledge.
I didn't know that that was possible.
I didn't know that it was possible.
I didn't know that it was there.
I didn't know it was public knowledge.
I didn't know that it was public knowledge.
I didn't know that that was necessary.
I didn't know that that was legal.
I didn't know that that was happening.
I didn't know they did things like that.
I didn't know Tom did things like that.
I didn't know that Tom did things like that.
I didn't know there was a swimming pool here.
I didn't know the police were looking for me.
I didn't know Tom was looking for me.
I didn't know the cost of living was so high in Australia.
I didn't know the bridge was closed.
I didn't know somebody was watching me.
I didn't know someone was watching me.
I didn't know somebody was following me.
I didn't know someone was following me.
I can't make heads or tails of this.
Tom is a very good coach, isn't he?
I think you should know that no matter what you do, I'll still love you.
Obviously, Tom is much better than me.
I think you should know that whatever happens, I'll still love you.
Tom and Mary seem to enjoy doing that.
Since I used to live in Boston, I know that city pretty well.
I pay Tom whatever the amount he asks for.
Tom is doing really well, isn't he?
I'm trying my best to forget about what we did that day.
It's unrealistic to expect Tom and Mary to get along.
I know a lot of people who don't know how to play chess.
Tom must not have wanted to do that.
I know a lot of people who don't have driver's licenses.
The food Tom cooked for us didn't taste all that bad.
Tom is doing the laundry, isn't he?
These are questions you should ask Tom, instead of me.
I know a lot of people who don't know French at all.
Tom never explained why he did that.
I just can't afford to buy something that expensive.
Tom and John are fighting in the alley behind the bar.
I don't know everything there is to know about that.
Tom is doing well so far, isn't he?
I've met a lot of people who wish they were richer.
Tom would like to become an architect, like his father.
I've met a lot of people who don't like doing that.
If I'd been in Tom's shoes, I'd have done the same thing.
I never expected anything like this to happen here.
Tom is doing what he can, isn't he?
I know a lot of people who don't speak any French.
The paintings that were stolen from Tom are very valuable.
I know a lot of people who don't like doing that.
Tom said we had to keep this secret.
I haven't been doing what I should've been doing.
Is it true Tom used to be a professional basketball player?
I didn't want to watch a movie, so I read a book.
Tom is drinking red wine, isn't he?
I'm trying my best to forget that ever happened.
Tom went to Boston. The rest of the family went to Chicago.
I know a lot of people who can't ride a bicycle.
Tom seemed to be willing to help us.
I've met a lot of people who don't like Boston.
If Tom can't tell you what you want to know, maybe Mary can.
I want to know whether what I'm doing is right.
Tom is eager to go there, isn't he?
I never expected anything like this to happen.
Tom and Mary are trying to do something, but I'm not sure what.
I know a lot of people who don't like camping.
Tom started a fire in the fireplace.
I know a lot of people who don't like Boston.
The store where Tom works is about thirty miles south of Boston.
Tom is easily distracted, isn't he?
I'm probably the one who'll need to do that.
I don't know what I would've done if I'd been in Tom's situation.
I know a lot of people who can speak French.
Tom tried his best not to hurt Mary.
You'll never love me as much as I love you.
I know a lot about Tom after living next door to him for so long.
I know a lot of people who are from Boston.
Tom is eating dinner now, isn't he?
Tom and Mary are trying to make something, but I'm not sure what.
I'm likely going to be tempted to do that.
Tom usually goes fishing by himself.
I want to know if what I'm doing is right.
When asked what he intended to do, Tom said he was going to go swimming.
I know a lot of people who don't own cars.
Tom is expecting company, isn't he?
I know a lot of people who don't eat meat.
The factory where Tom wants to work is approximately 300 miles from Boston.
I don't expect you to do that by yourself.
Tom wanted Mary to attend his party.
I've met a lot of people who can do that.
Tom is fairly well known, isn't he?
I know a lot of people who can play golf.
Tom was arrested in October of 2013.
How were we supposed to know what to do?
Tom is flying in tonight, isn't he?
You know why I'm here today, don't you?
Tom was only pretending to be angry.
I'm not the only one who'll doing that.
Tom is from a big family, isn't he?
Tom wasn't paying attention to Mary.
I'm not likely be fired for doing that.
Tom is from a small town, isn't he?
I won't be able to attend your wedding.
Tom will help you if you ask him to.
I know a lot of people who can do that.
Tom is getting desperate, isn't he?
It wouldn't bother me if you did that.
Tom won't think this is good enough.
I've met a lot of bad guys in my life.
Tom is getting impatient, isn't he?
I'm only half way finished doing this.
Tom doesn't want to sit next to Mary.
I'm only half way finished doing that.
Tom is going out tonight, isn't he?
I'm likely be excused from doing that.
Tom found Mary's behavior suspicious.
What do they know that we don't know?
Tom is going there alone, isn't he?
They water down the beer in that pub.
Tom is going to be asking us to help.
I know a lot of people who have pets.
Tom is going to be alone, isn't he?
I feel like I'm not getting anywhere.
Tom is going to be at work on Monday.
You'll only improve if you practice.
Tom is going to be angry, isn't he?
I'm probably the one who'll do that.
Tom is going to be cremated tomorrow.
I plan to go to Australia next year.
Tom is going to be early, isn't he?
I might not be in Boston next month.
Tom is going to be denied membership.
I might be in Boston all next month.
Tom is going to be fired, isn't he?
I haven't yet given up on that idea.
Tom is going to be difficult to beat.
I don't want to walk home by myself.
Tom is going to be ready, isn't he?
I almost never read science fiction.
Tom is going to be late for the game.
Tom is going to be upset, isn't he?
I just can't afford to do that now.
Tom is going to be meeting with Mary.
It won't bother me if you do that.
Tom is going to beat you, isn't he?
I'm trying my best to forget that.
Tom is going to be the one who comes.
I can only improve if I practice.
Tom is going to complain, isn't he?
How are we supposed to get there?
Tom is going to bring you up to date.
I'll be punished for doing that.
Tom is going to fix that, isn't he?
I'm not going to volunteer to do that.
Tom is going to come again, I'm sure.
I've done that a hundred times.
Tom is going to fix this, isn't he?
I just can't afford to do that.
Tom is going to come looking for you.
I don't want you to pay for it.
Tom is going to get help, isn't he?
We can take care of ourselves.
Tom is going to come on October 20th.
I've got work to do right now.
Tom is going to get hurt, isn't he?
I've done that hundreds of times.
Tom is going to come when he's ready.
I had a great three weeks off.
Tom is going to go first, isn't he?
Who did you go shopping with?
Tom is going to get out of jail soon.
I just came here to have fun.
Tom is going to have fun, isn't he?
I do that in a different way.
Tom is going to lend me his umbrella.
I can't allow you to do this.
Tom is going to help you, isn't he?
You know why I'm here today.
Tom is still committed to doing that.
I've got to do a better job.
Tom is going to sit here, isn't he?
I'm just going to do my job.
Tom is still digging in the backyard.
I do have doubts about that.
Tom is going to stop you, isn't he?
I always try to eat at home.
Tom makes friends everywhere he goes.
I almost never read fiction.
Tom is good at geography, isn't he?
I've met a lot of bad guys.
Tom refused to comment on that issue.
I'm obliged not to do that.
Tom is good at this game, isn't he?
I do need to do that today.
Tom refused to elaborate any further.
I almost never read novels.
Tom is good with animals, isn't he?
Doing that won't bother me.
Tom repeated the words several times.
I was mistaken about that.
Tom is growing impatient, isn't he?
I want to get there first.
Tom said we have to keep this secret.
I want to give it a shot.
Tom is hard to live with, isn't he?
I came here to have fun.
Tom should've paid attention to Mary.
Don't tire yourself out.
Tom is hard up for money, isn't he?
I haven't yet given up.
Tom still hasn't said anything to me.
I do that differently.
Tom is having a good day, isn't he?
Tom tried to put his arm around Mary.
I shouldn't help you.
Tom is headed for Boston, isn't he?
Tom wanted Mary to do that yesterday.
You won't like it.
Tom is home from college, isn't he?
I may be biased.
Tom wanted to be buried next to Mary.
I'm a bit lazy.
Tom is hoping to do that, isn't he?
Tom's grades are excellent.
I still haven't found what I am looking for.
She is not Anna.
There was fog at noon yesterday.
She has this pretty lace nightgown with straps.
The secretary stuffed the letter into an envelope.
Yes, I am He Sai. And you?
There's no way my friend bought that thing!
Every month at our company, they run a community activity.
This is atrocious weather.
Tom is difficult to live with, isn't he?
Sami got his phone stolen.
Sami told the story.
Sami made a longer video.
Sami's story sounds familiar to Layla.
Sami was going back to school.
Sami was my middle school bully.
Sami came along when I was in sixth grade.
Sami was going through puberty.
Sami had moustaches.
Layla had boobs.
Layla had big boobs.
Sami was in middle school.
Sami has nice skin.
Sami's skin is so fair.
Sami was bullied for his acne.
Sami was bullied all the time.
Sami tried every product under the sun.
Sami was bullied by boys.
Sami was bullying me.
Sami had acne.
Sami was bullied.
Sami was also heavy-set.
Layla's butt was big.
Sami called Layla "fat."
Sami was bullying Layla, too.
Sami was bullying girls.
Sami was bullying that girl.
Sami took that as a compliment.
Sami hurt people.
Sami and Layla went to the cafeteria together.
Sami can sit with whoever friend he wants.
Sami knew Layla was new.
Sami can't sit here.
Sami can't sit over here.
Sami isn't going to do anything.
Sami can sit here.
Sami can sit wherever he wants.
Sami isn't trying to be mean to you.
Sami just moved here.
Sami wanted Layla's cookies.
Sami shared his cookies with us.
Sami was completely different.
Sami asked Layla to give him all her cookies.
Sami hasn't even eaten in the last two days.
Sami was also very tall.
Sami was very tall.
Sami gave Layla his cookies.
Sami wanted some juice.
Sami was super nice and friendly.
Sami likes Layla's purse.
Sami is gay and he's going to hell.
Sami should kill himself.
Sami thinks Layla is insane.
Sami didn't even pretend to be nice anymore.
Sami was a bully and nobody wanted to be around him anymore.
Sami was on the tennis team.
Sami wasn't involved in sports in his school.
Sami was on the track team.
Sami is a manager with me.
Sami was ignoring Layla completely.
Sami is so mean.
Sami doesn't need to tell Layla.
Sami didn't even notice he lost his phone.
Sami lost his phone at the track field.
Sami looked everywhere for his phone.
Sami's phone costs sixty dollars.
Sami had a phone when he was six.
Sami and Layla were looking for the phone.
Sami couldn't even make eye contact with me when I looked at him.
Sami stole Layla's new phone.
Sami had to find his phone.
Sami was getting suspicious.
Sami's mom picked him up.
Sami was mad, of course.
Sami was so irresponsible.
Sami gave Layla a new phone.
Sami handed the phone to Layla.
Sami still has the same phone number.
Sami went about his day as usual.
Sami doesn't have a phone.
Sami didn't have a phone at the time.
Sami received a call from an unknown number.
Sami is a common name.
Sami called Layla.
Sami didn't call that phone.
Sami stole my phone.
Sami spent a lot of money on that phone.
Sami knew that Layla stole his phone.
Sami kept paying Layla's bills.
Sami has a new phone.
Sami bought a new phone.
Sami's phone got stolen.
Sami knew that Layla knew.
Sami ended up moving.
Sami started getting really mean to Layla.
Sami used to be bullied.
Sami is being bullied.
Sami was bullied in school.
Sami let Layla know that he knew that she stole his phone.
Sami had a new phone.
Sami doesn't have to be confrontational all the time.
Sami never saw Layla's phone.
Sami sold Layla a stolen phone.
Sami got his phone stolen at a party.
Sami found out who stole his phone.
Sami's phone was stolen at a party.
Sami isn't fooling anybody.
Sami is super tired.
Sami went to a meetup.
Sami and Layla wanted to chill with each other.
Sami knows you.
Sami find that weird.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's exact age.
Sami knows exactly what I am talking about.
Sami knows exactly what I'm talking about.
Sami was trying to word that correctly so that he wouldn't hurt some people.
Sami married a black girl.
Sami was a black boy.
Sami uses that term very loosely.
Sami was considered a celebrity.
Sami doesn't like this guy.
Sami will understand why I don't like this guy.
Sami wasted a lot of time.
Sami is taking pictures.
Sami wanted to take a picture with Layla.
Sami supports me.
Sami lived in Cairo, Egypt, but he was from Alexandria.
Sami grew up in two places.
Sami lived in two places.
Sami looked like a cowboy.
Sami dressed as a cowboy.
Sami dressed cool.
Sami was in Cairo.
Sami's hometown is only twenty minutes from Layla's home.
Sami stayed with Layla.
Sami was a fashion designer.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's nickname.
Sami was a YouTuber.
Sami was went to a grocery store.
Sami pretended to be a crackhead.
Sami follows Layla on Twitter to this day.
Sami still follows Layla on Twitter to this day.
Sami did me wrong.
Sami isn't perfect.
Sami was being real.
Sami tried to steal Layla's purse.
Sami stole Layl's piggy bank.
Sami found his piggy bank in Layla's room.
Sami's friends are in Cairo.
Sami visited Central Park.
Sami smoked weed.
Sami tweeted it.
Sami attended a networking event.
Sami went to Cairo to attend a networking event.
Sami told his ex about it.
Sami followed Layla on Tumblr.
Sami wanted to go.
Sami wants to go.
Sami is a boy.
Sami was at a networking event.
Sami wanted to keep Layla distant from his friends.
Sami wasn't doing drugs.
Sami was eventually caught.
Sami got eventually caught.
Sami used to be naive.
Sami is fucking dumb.
Sami had that feeling, too.
Sami wanted to know who was there.
Sami wanted to know who Layla was with.
Sami met some new people.
Sami was taking pictures on the playground.
Sami and Layla were taking pictures of each other.
Sami and Layla never took pictures together.
Sami recorded the whole concert.
Sami called his ex.
Sami is going to a concert.
Sami took pictures with them.
Sami took pictures with a few passing tourists.
Sami took a picture of a seagull.
Sami was sitting there by himself.
Sami and Layla come from different cultures.
Sami sat there and smoked weed.
Sami has many followers on Twitter.
Sami took some more pictures.
Sami wanted to take some more pictures.
Sami and Layla were calling each other by their nicknames.
Sami was smoking his blunt.
Sami was smoking his jay.
Sami sat there, smoking his jay.
Sami was smoking a joint in his car.
Sami was smoking a jay in his room.
Sami caught his son smoking a jay.
Sami wanted to socialize with the other people.
Sami stood by Layla.
Sami called Layla "sister."
Sami was texting his ex.
Sami didn't want to ask Layla to come and pick him up.
Sami came back to Layla.
Sami wanted to take pictures.
Sami sat with Layla.
Sami threw the blunt away.
Sami took six more pictures.
Sami walked to his car.
Sami doesn't do shit like that.
Sami didn't do shit like that.
Sami wouldn't do shit like that.
Sami didn't really care about that.
Sami still has that book.
Sami didn't play poker.
Sami is gonna like you.
Sami is going to like you.
Sami was winning.
Layla was a total bitch.
Sami isn't in the mood.
Sami has an appointment today.
Sami was being petty.
Sami took Layla to her hair salon.
Layla messed up my hair.
Sami was talking about his hair.
Sami never wears wigs.
Sami accidentally set fire to his wig.
Sami heard that a week ago.
Sami saw his face in the mirror.
Sami doesn't want Layla to succeed.
Sami is losing money.
Sami was experimenting with hair products.
Sami dyed his hair multiple times.
Sami had beautiful hair.
Sami wanted to grow his hair.
Sami hated Layla's hair.
Sami is part of the community.
Sami made this decision.
Sami grew up in a Muslim community.
Sami cut all his hair off.
Sami didn't get it at all.
Sami filmed another video.
Sami hasn't seen this video.
Sami had pictures.
Layla's hair was frizzy.
Layla has to do her hair by herself.
Layla isn't going to do your hair anymore.
Layla didn't know how to do her hair.
Layla loved her natural hair.
Layla has natural hair.
Layla didn't know how to take care of her hair.
Layla was looking for natural hair tutorials.
Layla had a ponytail.
Sami hasn't washed his hair in six weeks.
Sami was biracial as well.
Sami was biracial.
Sami and Layla were biracial.
Sami loves biracial girls.
Sami was attracted to biracial girls.
Layla had dreads in the back of her hair.
Sami wouldn't notice that.
Sami wanted to touch Layla's hair.
Sami was touching Layla's hair.
Sami didn't let Layla touch his hair.
Sami loved Layla's natural hair.
Layla cut her dreads out.
Layla wore her hair curly.
Sami picked on Layla in high school.
Layla straightened her hair.
Layla is a hairdresser.
Layla is a hairdresser now.
Layla's hair is straight.
Sami has straight hair.
Sami's hair is straight.
Layla had afro hair.
Layla's hair was curly again.
Sami had curly hair.
Sami washed his hair.
Sami and Layla were among the first freshment to enter that brand new school.
Sami doesn't even know.
Layla went to the hair salon to get her hair done.
Layla went to the hair salon to get her hair dyed.
Layla's hair doesn't straighten easily.
Sami doesn't like Layla's hair.
Sami asked Layla to straighten her hair.
Sami was waiting in a chair.
Sami was always very gentle with Layla.
Sami was young at the time.
Layla braided Salima's hair.
Sami started to wash his hair.
Sami was trying to kill me.
Sami was washing his hair with hot water.
Layla has just got her period.
Sami was staring at his mom.
Sami was reading his magazine.
Sami went through this abuse every day.
Layla straightened her hair with a flatiron.
Layla burned Salima on the scalp with a flatiron.
Sami doesn't talk back to anybody.
Layla put Salima under a dryer.
Layla sat under a dryer for an hour.
Layla felt her scalp was blistering.
Layla sat underneath that hairdryer.
Layla sat underneath the haidryer for an hour.
Sami was sweating.
Sami was in a sauna.
Sami wants to die.
Layla hates that hair salon.
Sami needs to fire back.
Sami cut his hair.
Sami cut Layla's hair.
Sami isn't going to church.
Layla looked like a church lady.
Layla wanted to have straight hair.
Layla looks so pretty.
Sami wanted to see his hair.
Sami is looking at himself in the mirror.
Layla had so much hair.
Layla's hair is so big.
Layla's hair was thick.
Layla had thick hair.
Layla's hair was curly.
Sami's hair is up to the shoulders.
Sami was growing up.
Mennad scheduled an appointment for himself.
Sami was feeling shitty.
Sami felt awful.
Sami is going to look stupid.
Sami is gonna look stupid.
Sami had school.
Sami had school that day.
Sami had school the next day.
Sami had patches of his hair missing.
Sami's hair was so short.
Sami really doesn't like his hair.
Sami agrees with Layla.
Sami went to wash his hair.
Sami thought Layla would be so mad at him.
Sami looked crazy.
Sami went to the shower.
Sami went to the shower to wash his hair.
Sami's hair was shrinking.
Sami's hair shrank.
Sami's hair was super short.
Layla damaged Salima's hair.
Sami is bald.
Sami hasn't cut his hair since he was six.
Sami started bawling.
Sami had to go to school like that.
Sami isn't paying attention.
Sami went back to school with his hair looking like that.
Sami loved Layla's haircut.
Sami looked a mess.
Sami didn't have evidence.
Sami was embarrassed about how he looked.
Sami was honest.
Layla's hair grew a lot.
Layla's hair grew back.
Layla's hair was long.
Layla went to an Egyptian hair salon.
Layla went to that hair salon.
Layla went to Salima's hair salon.
Layla has a good hair salon.
Layla knows a good hair salon.
Sami helped Layla open her own hair salon.
Mennad isn't racist.
Sami's parents were racist.
Sami hated gay people.
Sami didn't post anything yesterday.
Sami wore a Halloween costume.
Sami was supposed to be Beetlejuice on Halloween.
Sami likes Spiderman.
Sami's YouTube channel is approaching sixty thousand subscribers.
Sami never goes outside.
Sami went trick-or-treating.
Sami didn't like Layla's last video.
Sami had to censor some parts of the video.
Sami censored some of his video.
Sami went through his video six times before he posted it.
Sami hates censoring videos.
Sami's YouTube videos didn't have any ads.
Sami has a store.
Sami can buy this.
Sami posts videos every day.
Sami bought socks.
Sami rated the video.
Sami was walking down the main road.
Sami and Layla lived in the same apartment.
Sami and Layla are laughing.
Sami has so much candy.
Sami is about six years old.
Sami was having the best Halloween of his life.
Sami took Layla's candy.
Sami stole Layla's candy.
Sami didn't want to do that.
Sami went deeper into the neighborhood.
Sami's street is connected to the main road.
Sami lives in an apartment complex.
Sami went to a rich neighborhood.
Sami wanted to trick-or-treat in a rich neighborhood.
Sami hated this type of people.
Sami is going back there.
Sami was knocking on the door.
Sami knocked on the door.
Sami was the leader of our group.
Sami is older than us.
Sami was taller than us.
Sami was in the front.
Sami and Layla went trick-or-treating.
Sami and Layla were trick-or-treating.
Sami is dating another girl.
Sami has a Halloween costume.
Sami was already gone.
Sami wore his Halloween costume.
Sami was trying to rob Layla.
Sami heard that statement.
Sami was still trying to convince Layla.
Sami was standing at the door, shocked.
Sami was shocked as hell.
Sami shouldn't be upset.
Sami just kept looking at Layla.
Sami picked up a rock.
Sami and Layla counted to six.
Sami started running hard.
Sami is not a very athletic person.
Sami isn't a very athletic person.
Sami came out of his house.
Sami got shot on Halloween.
Sami went back to where he came.
Sami kept repeating that.
Sami was running after Layla to stop her.
Sami is stealing Layla's candy.
Sami found out who Layla was.
Sami had a big brother.
Sami came out the bushes.
Sami was a huge Egyptian dude.
Sami was trying to run as fast as he could.
Sami was running as fast as he could.
Sami and Layla were running together.
Sami and Layla needed to split up to avoid capture.
Sami and Layla need to split up.
Sami walked back to his little brother.
Sami gave his brother some candy.
Sami vandalized Layla's property.
Sami stole that little boy's candy.
Sami gave Layla her candy back.
Sami is gonna have a serious problem.
Sami is going to have a serious problem.
Sami doesn't have a bank account.
Sami doesn't have sixty dollars.
Sami discovered Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami was heavily into drugs.
Sami made a video about drugs.
Sami stopped using drugs.
Sami quit using drugs.
Sami wanted to know how Layla quit using drugs.
Sami started smoking weed when he was sixteen.
Sami never smoked weed.
Sami went from smoking weed to drinking alcohol.
Sami wanted to try some new drugs.
Sami needed to do drugs every day.
Sami was addicted to weed.
Sami tried LSD once.
Sami said that weed wasn't his thing.
Sami was depressive.
Sami wasn't a big drinker at the time.
Sami experimented with acid.
Sami did acid.
Sami was addicted to acid.
Sami goes to a nightclub.
Sami wasn't physically addicted to those drugs.
Sami wasn't into stuff like that.
Sami quit weed.
Sami quit ecstasy.
Sami quit LSD.
Sami wasn't into psychedelics.
Sami was never addicted to psychedelics.
Sami was drinking a lot of coffee.
Sami quit smoking weed when he got married.
Sami quit smoking weed when he was 26.
Sami's job was stressing him out.
Sami lived in his first apartment at the time.
Sami punched holes in the wall.
Sami really needed to get his shit together.
Sami went to the club with a bunch of friends.
Sami no longer had any connects to the drug dealers.
Sami cut off those friends.
Sami turned sixteen in 2006.
Sami started remembering all that shit.
Sami wrote to Layla about it.
Sami didn't remember that he did that.
Sami was drunk or something.
Sami was super fucked up.
Sami held Layla's hands and told her that he loved her.
Sami never told anyone this before.
Sami has been telling me the first story for over six months.
Sami started remembering all of this stuff.
Sami was fucked up mentally.
Sami can't smoke weed.
Sami can't smoke weed here.
Sami tried to stop smoking weed.
Sami tried to quit smoking weed.
Sami was an avid weed smoker.
Sami stopped smoking weed, too.
Sami can't be around people smoking weed.
Sami felt tempted.
Sami didn't want to be around people that smoked weed.
Sami needed to stop smoking weed.
Sami's urges to smoke weed were coming back.
Sami stopped smoking cigarettes because he wanted to stop smoking weed.
Sami didn't feel the urge to smoke weed anymore.
Sami was smoking nicotine.
Sami stopped smoking.
Sami's girlfriend doesn't smoke.
Sami started drinking wine.
Sami gets off work at six.
Sami encouraged Layla to stop smoking weed.
Sami is very cautious with alcohol.
Sami has diabetes.
Sami was very cautious with weed.
Sami has severe diabetes.
Sami is very pro-weed.
Sami was very pro-weed, especially for medical reasons.
Sami can't afford to do shit like that.
Sami is home all day.
Sami isn't a weed smoker.
Sami smokes weed at home.
Sami smokes weed in front of the kids.
Sami smokes weed in front of everybody.
Sami was hanging out with people that weren't good for him.
Sami and Layla had nothing in common except smoking weed.
Sami knew that smoking damaged his lungs.
Sami was gay but he's straight now.
Sami wanted to know how to stop smoking weed.
Sami wanted to occupy himself with something else to stop smoking weed.
Sami smoked weed for six years.
Sami started smoking weed before the age of sixteen.
Sami needed help to stop smoking weed.
Sami needs to stop smoking weed.
Sami needed to quit smoking weed.
Sami smoked weed before he joined the military.
Sami wanted to join the military.
Layla had some tea to spill on Sami.
Sami probably already knows that.
Sami didn't watch that video.
Sami recommended Layla to watch that video.
Sami was going to retire the next year.
Sami is sixty and he could be retiring.
Sami is retiring next year.
Sami was drinking tea.
Sami can't do anything about it.
Sami is retiring anyway.
Sami is not retired.
Sami didn't knew where Layla was at the time.
Sami wet his pants.
Sami had that teacher for science.
Sami had Mr Bakir for science when he was in high school.
Sami and his classmates were dissecting a mouse.
Sami wrote to the principal about this.
Sami didn't get fired.
Sami was my sixth grade science teacher.
Sami has always got away with that.
Sami touched a sixth-grader inappropriately.
Sami wrote a letter to his principal.
Sami touched the sixth-grader inappropriately.
Sami came here for that.
Sami read a direct quote from Layla's letter.
Sami called the entire class "jerks."
Sami and Layla were friends with each other.
Sami will get really upset.
Sami called his students "jerks."
Sami wrote a longer letter to Layla.
Sami sits next to Layla.
Sami was the one being punished.
Sami wants to speak to me.
Sami rarely talks.
Sami doesn't scare me anymore.
Sami was being disrespectful to the teacher.
Sami did a rude thing.
Sami was being very rude.
Sami found that extremely embarrassing.
Sami needs to come after school.
Sami doesn't need to know that.
Sami found this very embarrassing.
Sami probably doesn't care about this.
Sami is very rude.
Sami is a very rude man.
Sami was a very bad person.
Sami finds this very annoying.
Sami should stop playing games.
Sami is the worst science teacher ever.
Sami got fired from that school.
Sami has a nice house in Cairo.
Sami is talking with his hands.
Sami needs to go straight to the point.
Layla was engaged.
Layla was Salima's bridesmaid.
Layla has already picked her bridesmaids.
Layla selected a total of six bridesmaids.
Layla's bridesmaids were her best friends.
Sami loved Layla to death.
Sami and Layla go to high school together.
Sami wasn't supportive of anything that Layla wanted.
Sami paid for all of it.
Sami is getting married in Cairo.
Sami lives there.
Sami's phone was surprisingly cheap.
Sami and Layla hated each other.
Sami decided to go with Layla.
Sami posted a text on Facebook.
Sami was being so fricking negative.
Sami knows this girl since college.
Layla decided to pick Salima to be her bridesmaid.
Layla was very upset with me because I didn't pick her to be my bridesmaid.
Sami's friends are living in Cairo.
Sami's friends are from Egypt.
Sami wanted to move to Cairo.
Sami purchased the flight ticket in Cairo.
Sami commented about everything.
Sami posted his comment on Layla's Facebook page.
Sami wasn't as happy as Layla.
Sami was selfish.
Sami is nowhere near that.
Sami didn't have a career like Layla.
Sami doesn't make that much money.
Layla was my maid of honor.
Sami texted Layla a long message.
Sami separately texted Layla.
Sami needed a lot of money.
Sami sold his car to start his own business.
Layla got engaged in June.
Sami was going to Egypt.
Sami knew Layla so well.
Sami told Layla this in 2006.
Sami is one of the worst people I have ever traveled with.
Sami waited six more months.
Sami needed to pay for Layla's shoes and dress.
Sami doesn't agree with me.
Sami doesn't care if you don't agree with him.
Sami was stupid rich.
Sami gave Layla a gift.
Sami isn't doing this.
Sami was trying to find the cheapest suit.
Sami is not doing that.
Sami said he felt bad.
Sami and his friends were outnumbered.
Sami wanted to go ahead.
Sami is always complaining.
Sami won't call Layla back.
Sami can't afford it.
Sami couldn't afford it.
Sami was honest with his friend.
Sami helped Layla with that.
Sami is clapping.
Sami poured his heart out to Layla.
Sami is not coming to Layla's wedding.
Sami is just a guest.
Sami took a screenshot of Layla's text message.
Sami sent the text message to both Layla and Farid.
Sami texted me back.
Sami wondered why Layla was so rude.
Sami doesn't curse.
Sami never curses.
Sami and Layla knew each other for so long.
Sami is nice most of the time.
Sami and Layla used to live together.
Sami is not there for you.
Sami is not that person.
Sami isn't that person.
Sami is done with that girl.
Sami hurt Layla's feeling.
Sami was literally so rude.
Sami is trying to calm Layla down.
Sami is working on that.
Sami was trying to keep his composure.
Sami kicked Farid out of his wedding.
Sami needed to talk to the principal.
Sami was sad to do this to Layla.
Sami is smiling.
Sami is giggling.
Sami is already giggling.
Sami screenshot Layla's text message.
Sami sent the message to his sister.
Sami removed Layla from the group chat.
Sami removed Layla from the conversation.
Layla will be my maid of honor.
Sami removed Layla from his life.
Sami never tried to call Layla again.
Sami is not my friend on social media.
Sami isn't my friend on social media.
Sami loves his nephews to death.
Sami wished Layla the best.
Sami gave so much to Layla without receiving anything back.
Sami was feeling great.
Sami and Layla were getting along.
Sami was in a negative point in his life.
Sami doesn't know what is going on.
Sami is just lost.
Sami doesn't want to know.
Sami didn't know what he wanted in life.
Sami knew that God had a plan for him.
Sami was planning his wedding.
Sami really wanted this.
Sami was so excited for that.
Sami should stay positive.
Sami couldn't figure out what to do.
Layla loved making new friendships.
Sami and Layla did a video together.
Sami just sat there, talking about his days in the military.
For six years, Sami has been my best friend.
Sami cut off all communication with Layla.
Sami and Layla divorced right after their wedding.
Sami's video is very popular on YouTube.
Sami finds this very interesting.
Sami doesn't want to stay here.
Sami and Layla met in college.
Sami and Layla lived on the same floor.
Layla's husband was good friends with Salim's husband.
Layla agreed to be Salima's maid of honor.
Layla asked Salima to be her maid of honor.
Sami lives in Ontario.
Sami wanted to go to Cairo which was a couple of hours from where he lived.
Sami was acting a little bit different from Layla.
Sami was acting normal.
Sami loves water parks.
Sami took Layla to a water park.
Sami wanted to ride some rides.
Sami didn't want to ride any rides.
Sami is scared of that ride.
Sami didn't want to ride that ride with Layla.
Sami went on that ride.
Sami found this very bizarre.
Sami thought that was weird.
Sami appeared to be flirting with a girl at the pool.
Sami was talking to girls.
Sami was super confused.
Sami and Layla got to the hotel.
Sami isn't talking to me.
Sami never asked Layla if she needed anything.
Sami pulled Layla aside and started talking to her.
Sami is just hungry.
Sami wasn't participating in the game.
Sami was really hurting Layla's feelings.
Sami and Layla took a shower together.
Layla was Salima's maid of honor.
Layla's maid of honor is supposed to be by her side.
Sami wasn't in any of those photos.
Sami was waiting for the technician.
Sami was a technician.
Sami was an experienced technician.
Sami was ignoring me.
Sami was ignoring the guests.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was having a good time.
Sami took a shot from that bottle.
Sami was drinking alcohol from an unmarked bottle.
Sami was ruining Layla's wedding.
Sami was trying to ruin Layla's wedding party.
Sami wanted to ruin Layla's wedding.
Sami was going to a different bar.
Sami was at a bachelor party.
Sami was causing such a scene at the party.
Layla is my sister-in-law.
Sami wanted to go to that bar.
Sami doesn't talk to Layla anymore.
Sami beat Layla six days before their wedding.
Sami and Layla had lunch.
Sami and Layla were trying to talk about it.
Layla planned Salima's bachelorette's party.
Layla never came to Salima's bachelorette's party.
Sami thought things would be OK.
Sami started not caring at all about that.
Sami started to freak out.
Layla shouldn't have asked Salima to be her maid of honor.
Sami's wedding day came and went and nothing changed.
Sami had a lot of fun.
Sami gave a nice speech.
Sami was out of town.
Sami was too far out of town.
Sami and Layla had a six month engagement.
Sami never answered any of Layla's calls.
Sami and Layla wanted to get together.
Sami started to get more aggressive in his text messages.
Sami unfriended me on Facebook.
Sami realized that Layla unfriended him on Facebook.
Sami gave Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami decided to give Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami was having a nice life.
Sami didn't give Layla a chance to explain that.
Sami was so mean.
Sami is so mean and cruel.
Sami was so cruel.
Sami never figured that out.
Sami could have done that.
Sami killed Layla's dog.
Sami doesn't know what he did to deserve that.
Layla asked Salima to be her maid of honor at her wedding.
Layla talked to her husband.
Sami talked to his wife.
Sami kept messaging Layla but he wasn't getting anything back.
Sami talked to his friends.
Sami wanted to buy a house after his honeymoon.
Sami and Layla spent their honeymoon in Egypt.
Sami freaked out on Layla.
Sami was causing a scene.
Sami is yelling and screaming.
Sami did it once.
Sami is super drunk.
Sami and Layla went outside.
Sami happened to be walking in front of Layla.
Sami turned around and asked Layla why she was following him.
Sami knew what he did.
Sami kept asking Layla that question.
Sami is still talking about it.
Sami still doesn't know what exactly happened.
Sami said it wasn't his fault.
Sami was rejected.
Sami feels rejected.
Sami should try again.
Sami isn't only a good friend.
Sami didn't do anything to Layla to deserve that.
Sami should be mindful of the way he treats other people.
Sami lost a lot of self-confidence after that incident.
Sami went off on Layla and calld her all the worst names.
Sami completely shook my confidence in myself.
Sami got even more upset.
Sami can't let people treat him as a doormat.
Sami can't let this go on.
Sami considered this as a breakup.
Sami didn't even say goodbye.
Sami finds this really hard.
Sami wants to see more videos.
Tom went to Austria to study koalas in their natural environment.
Sami wanted to take a break.
Sami is getting married in a few months.
Sami was getting married in six months.
Sami talked about his wedding.
Sami and Layla had a big expensive wedding.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD.
Sami thinks that big expensive weddings are just a waste of money.
Sami's parents are paying for his wedding.
Sami wanted to have a big wedding.
Layla wanted to have a big over-the-top wedding.
Sami loves cruises.
Sami goes on cruises twice a year.
Sami and Layla got married on a cruise.
Sami didn't want to come.
Sami went on a cruise.
Sami is getting married on a cruise.
Sami and Layla wanted to get married on a cruise.
Layla chose her maid of honor.
Layla chose some of her best friends to be her bridesmaids.
Sami was very excited about that.
Sami said he wasn't really sure.
Sami said he was not really sure.
Sami was looking at Layla's dress.
Sami likes Layla's dress.
Sami bought Layla a wedding dress.
Sami bought Layla a wonderful wedding dress.
Sami found a good deal online.
Sami showed Layla the dress.
Sami found an affordable dress.
Sami was so busy.
What do you usually do with your friends?
Layla bought another dress.
Layla still hasn't bought a wedding dress.
Layla bought a small dress.
Sami had to do that again.
The lift seems to be out of order.
At nine in the evening, we visited the Anne Frank House.
Tom went to Austria, but he didn't see any kangaroos.
Do you want to cuddle a koala? Come to Austria!
Tom is a caregiver of a special needs child.
Tom is severely autistic, but verbal.
Tom has ASD and ADHD.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD when he was three.
At 6pm yesterday, he was at work.
This time, the nuclear test failed.
The plane is about to land.
My name is Xiao Yu.
Sami and Layla wanted to hang out.
Sami found this pretty irritating.
Sami didn't hear anything from Layla.
Sami tried to make plans with Layla.
Sami would never get back to me.
Sami was really irritated.
Sami found this so difficult.
Sami needed to calm down and not get mad about it.
Sami tried to reach out to Layla again.
Sami needs to be kind when he talks to Layla.
Sami and Layla want to get together.
Sami is heading up to Layla's area.
Sami didn't hear from Layla.
Sami didn't hear from Layla for the next couple of weeks.
Sami sounded like selfish.
Sami and Layla wanted to get together on the weekend.
Sami wasn't on Layla's wedding.
Sami was trying to convince Layla to stop smoking weed.
Sami got married in June.
Layla went to get her hair done.
Layla's sister was her hairdresser.
Layla's haidresser was her best friend.
Sami always says this to Layla.
Sami did that again.
Sami made an another attempt to hang out with Layla.
Sami was trying to be nice about it.
Sami made multiple attempts to contact Layla.
Sami bought a dress for Layla.
Layla came in to get her hair done a few weeks ago.
Sami and Layla go to the gym every Saturday.
Sami was just fed up.
Sami made the decision right then and there.
Sami is not having Layla at his wedding.
Sami should have asked Layla.
Sami was thinking about it.
Sami got back from vacation.
Sami was approaching his wedding.
Sami completely agrees with me.
Sami doesn't have Layla's message anymore.
Sami is just really disappointed.
Sami sent Layla a simple message.
Sami doesn't like confrontation.
Layla doesn't like drama.
Sami wrote Layla back.
Sami considered inviting Layla to his wedding party.
Sami was upset about it.
Sami felt so much better after he did that.
Sami was so happy about that.
Sami learned who his real friends were.
Sami has moved on and has learned.
Sami doesn't want you in his life anymore.
Sami is better off alone.
Sami won't agree with me.
Sami was still making attempts to contact Layla.
Sami has known Layla for sixteen years.
Sami gave details about that.
Sami likes these kinds of videos.
Sami was welcoming the guests.
Sami was the florist for our wedding.
Sami needed flowers.
Sami was our family florist.
Sami did a wonderful job.
Sami nearly cried.
Sami created magic with flowers.
Sami doesn't have to worry about this.
Sami made an appointment with the florist.
Sami was so busy at work.
Sami was traveling.
Sami bought Layla six red roses.
Unfortunately, the character you play is killed off at the very start of the play.
Tom lives in the very heart of the city.
Fresh blows the breeze, and broader grows the bay, / and on the cliffs is seen Minerva's fane.
He has something for you.
It's a day like any other.
We furl the sails, and shoreward row amain. / Eastward the harbour arches, scarce descried. / Two jutting rocks, by billows lashed in vain, / stretch out their arms the narrow mouth to hide. / Far back the temple stands, and seems to shun the tide.
Tom has a hostile attitude.
Sami knows what Layla wants.
Sami was supposed to send us a price estimate.
Sami got the price list.
Sami spent a month trying to call Layla.
Sami paid for the wedding himself.
Sami got his price estimate.
Sami mailed the price list to Layla's address.
Sami couldn't believe how expensive those flowers were.
Sami's flowers cost a third of the wedding budget.
Sami received lots of flowers on his wedding day.
Sami doesn't have time to write this.
Layla's sister was her maid of honor.
Sami invited Layla and six other family members to the wedding.
Sami was feeling OK after that.
Sami called Layla six days before his wedding.
Sami went on a cruise in the Caribbean.
Sami can pay the bill tomorrow.
Sami gave Layla his credit card number.
Sami didn't come to take the flowers.
Sami has to pay for this.
Sami was a little late.
Sami's phone wasn't working.
Sami made sure everything was set up right.
Sami will make another video.
Sami was trying to get some of that stuff done.
Sami took the flowers to the living room.
Sami took Layla's flowers upstairs.
Sami put Layla's bouquet in his room.
Sami bought Layla a wonderful bouquet.
Sami tried so hard to keep himself together.
Layla saw her future husband.
Sami was trying to keep his cool.
Sami doesn't want to say anything.
Sami's bouquet was ugly as hell.
Sami knows nothing about flowers.
Sami ordered flowers.
Sami ordered a bouquet.
Sami's bouquet cost six hundred dollars.
Sami brought the bouquet in.
Sami was already freaking out.
Sami has already taken his anxiety medication.
Sami took his anxiety medication.
Sami didn't want to think about it.
Sami was too busy trying to fix the computer.
Sami was trying to get ready.
Sami was ready to take pictures.
Sami took pictures with Layla.
Sami ruined the birthday party.
Sami hit Layla on her wedding day.
Sami was arrested on his wedding day.
Sami savagely beat his sister on his wedding day.
Sami was arrested on his sister's wedding day.
Layla married an extremely violent man.
Sami tried to make the bouquet look nice.
Sami hates these flowers.
Sami put the bouquet all together.
Sami was a total asshole.
Sami's flowers dried out.
Sami wrote several reviews about the movie.
Sami could have done better himself.
Sami doesn't have any interesting stories to tell.
Sami's story has been all over the news.
Sami's story has been all over Facebook.
Sami and Layla live in Egypt.
Sami remembers it perfectly.
Sami arrived for his appointment.
Sami arrived with six other people.
Sami had a style consultant.
Layla wanted to try the dress on.
Layla was trying on the dresses.
Layla tried on the dress twice.
Layla tried on the dress several times.
Layla tried on several dresses.
Sami can't describe how nice Layla was.
Sami paid for that dress in full.
Sami bought Layla an expensive dress.
Sami was over twice my age.
Sami is wrong.
Sami hired a sales consultant.
Sami is taking Layla's money.
Layla paid for the wedding dress in full.
Sami couldn't wait to see Layla in that wedding dress.
Layla didn't try that dress on again.
Layla didn't try the dress on in that store.
Sami came out of the meeting.
Sami asked Layla where she got her wedding dress from.
Layla didn't get her dress from that store.
Sami closed his clothing store down.
Sami's clothing store closed down.
Sami closed his other store down.
Sami closed his store.
Sami's store was closing.
Sami came out of work.
Sami went to Layla's store.
Sami also told me the same thing.
Sami had to close his store down.
Sami wanted to grow his hair long.
Sami's store was empty.
Sami stuck a note on the window.
Sami left Layla some money.
Sami and Layla were trying to do the same thing.
Sami was filming a new video.
Sami asked Layla what the cross meant.
Sami didn't even place an order.
Sami didn't even order a dress.
Sami processed the payment.
Sami was sent a form to fill out.
Sami's bank sent him a form to fill out.
Sami placed an order for six suits.
Sami can't just decide overnight.
Sami was fully aware of the situation.
Sami continued to take appointments and take people's orders and money.
Sami disappeared from Cairo.
Sami never took responsibility for what he had done.
Sami was left panicking.
Sami had enough time to rectify things.
Sami didn't know where the dress was.
Sami saved the good news until the end.
Sami stayed at work.
Sami lives about 45 minutes away from me.
Sami placed the order.
Sami is an absolute angel.
Sami replied to the message.
Sami doesn't need to post things like these.
Sami just wants to say a few things.
Sami ruined the lives of so many people.
Sami should have stopped taking appointments.
Sami should have stopped taking orders.
Sami should have stopped taking people's money.
Sami was talking to his wedding photographers.
Sami has seen Layla's other videos.
Sami has another story about this.
Sami couldn't get himself to do it.
Layla was a hairstylist.
Sami was thinking about this.
Sami finds this so ridiculous.
Layla had her hair bleeched.
Sami is coming, too.
Sami kept using that computer.
Sami can't say no to this.
Sami changed my life.
Sami wanted to give Layla a chance.
Sami enjoyed his work.
Sami wanted to give Layla a second chance.
Sami begged Layla to give him another chance.
Layla booked a consultation.
Sami drove Layla to the hair salon.
Sami loves the place.
Sami lived in a beautiful house.
Sami does a good job.
Sami walked up to the receptionist.
Sami wanted coffee.
Sami offered Layla coffee.
Layla was the assistant of the stylist.
Layla is the assistant of the haistylist.
Layla is getting her hair done.
Sami's hair was in a bad condition.
Layla misses having long hair.
Layla's hair was really long and strong.
Layla was talking about her hair.
Sami was reading a magazine.
Sami was not very happy.
Sami started rolling his eyes.
Sami didn't do anything to you.
Sami gave a pretty simple explanation.
Sami doesn't think Layla is a hairstylist.
Sami was looking at my hair.
Sami wanted to touch my hair.
Sami wasn't talking in terms that I understood.
Sami didn't know specific hairstyling terms.
Sami didn't expect Layla to do this.
Layla will do Salima's hair.
Tom is 13, but he still believes in Santa.
Layla got her hair done at Salima's salon.
Layla went to Salima's salon to get her hair done.
Layla is doing her hair.
Layla was doing her hair in the bathroom.
Layla was dying her hair.
Layla bleeched her hair again.
Layla charged Salima six hundred dollars for that.
Layla's hair was already bleeched.
Sami got a haircut.
Sami gets a haircut every month.
Sami refused to work with Layla.
Sami is a psychopath.
Sami just turned around and left.
Sami went to the receptionist and checked out.
Sami needs to book an appointment first.
Sami booked an appointment for Saturday.
Sami booked an appointment for Layla.
Sami doesn't want to be there.
Sami may have to wait for another month.
Sami has to think about it.
Sami didn't even explain why.
Sami never called the police.
Sami was terrible.
Sami and Layla are so crazy.
Mennad booked an appointment.
Sami didn't cut his hair.
Sami had his hair dyed.
Sami has to be next to Layla.
Sami has to stand next to Layla.
Sami had to sit next to Layla.
Sami can see it.
Layla went to another hair salon.
Sami can follow Layla on Twitter.
Sami's link took Layla to a porn website.
Layla loves having pink hair.
Layla had pink hair at the time.
Sami wanted to go to another hair salon.
Sami wanted to get that fixed.
Sami is calling that number.
Sami was on the phone with that lady.
Sami is on the phone with Layla.
Sami doesn't really understand this.
Sami has a very basic understanding of this.
Sami doesn't know anything about girls.
Sami was totally OK with that.
Sami was done processing the payment.
Sami dyed his hair blue.
Sami had a stack of magazines to read.
Sami had stacks of old newspapers in his room.
Sami didn't have any hair on his head at all.
Layla messed up Salima's hair.
Sami's hair was falling off.
Sami was losing his hair.
Sami burned Layla's hair.
Sami felt that burning sensation.
Sami didn't feel anything at all.
Layla trusts her hairdresser.
Layla trusted her hairstylist.
Layla spent six hours at the hair salon.
Sami still has hair.
Sami is completely bald.
Sami wants to do this again.
Sami said this on the phone.
Sami was just so scared.
Sami was dreading this whole thing.
Sami was just mortified.
Sami is so terrified.
Sami's hair was blue.
Sami didn't want this at all.
Sami was so panicked.
Sami took a picture of Layla's hair for his portfolio.
Sami has wasted all this time doing nothing.
Sami has wasted all this time learning nothing.
Layla ruined Salima's hair.
Sami's hair was so terrible.
Sami's hair will take forever to grow back.
Sami got his money back.
Sami asked for his money back.
Sami's hair looked fine.
Sami got the money.
Sami didn't want to deal with that anymore.
Sami's hair was almost black.
Sami's hair was so bad.
Sami's hair is still healing.
Sami hates air conditioners.
Sami has to sit away from the air conditioner.
Sami never turns the air conditioner on.
Sami's air conditioner is broken.
Sami didn't really know that.
Sami loved having his hair blue.
Sami is kind of terrified of this.
Sami continued watching the video.
Sami is in a very bad mood.
Sami should proceed with caution.
Layla had a terrible experience at that hair salon.
Sami kept watching.
Layla wanted to get her hair dyed.
Layla wanted to get her hair trimmed.
Layla got her hair trimmed.
Layla booked a hair appointment.
Sami was feeling really fine.
Sami figured out this alone.
Layla could have trimmed her hair herself.
Sami didn't seem very confident.
Sami sat down in that chair.
Layla came in for a hair trim.
Layla can trim Salima's hair.
Sami is doing this.
Sami didn't purchase any products from the hair salon.
Sami didn't have any intention to get anything from the hair salon.
Sami's hair was so soft.
Sami recommended Layla some products.
Sami's hair felt super silky.
Sami's hair feels silky.
Sami revealed many interesting things in his video.
Sami was brushing his hair.
Sami cut his finger.
Sami cut his finger and went to get a bandaid.
Sami's bloody bandaid fell onto Layla's desk.
Sami pretended like he didn't see the condom.
Sami was brushing Layla's hair.
Layla has been brushing her hair for half an hour.
Sami wasn't even done yet.
Layla's hair trip took over an hour.
Sami didn't do anything with it.
Sami loves Layla's long hair.
Sami didn't have a single clue about that.
Sami was brushing my hair.
Sami's heart sank to his stomach.
Sami finished brushing his hair.
Layla was finally done with her hair.
Sami let Layla see the puppies.
Layla's hair was down to her belly button.
Layla's hair was her baby.
Layla was very protective about her hair.
Sami learned his lesson the hard way.
Sami should never say no to this.
Sami has plenty of money.
Sami's wig well on Layla's lap.
Sami had a bad haircut.
Sami was resting his hand on the table.
Sami was resting his arm on that shelf.
Sami liked his hair that way.
Sami became a famous YouTuber.
Sami was burping all the time.
Sami collected wigs.
Sami's wig fell off.
Sami wore his wig out.
Sami didn't wear his wig on a daily basis.
Sami's hair was growing back.
Sami's hair looked a mess.
Sami wanted to cut his hair really short.
Layla had Salima in 2006.
Layla has just given birth.
Layla had Salima last month.
Sami goes there all the time.
Layla goes to that salon to get extensions.
Layla goes to that salon all the time.
Sami likes Farid's haircut.
Sami will go there.
Sami called Layla's hair salon.
Sami got Layla a deal.
Sami got Layla a good deal.
Layla was nursing her baby every two hours.
Sami was in a hurry.
Sami explained Layla his situation.
Layla was still nursing.
Layla got her hair done at that salon.
Sami went there the very next day.
Sami was fifteen minutes early.
Sami came up to the door.
Layla went inside the salon.
Sami was in the back of the room.
Sami was sitting in the lobby area.
Sami was reading a magazine in the lobby area.
Sami started to explain why he was there.
Layla called one of the salon people to come and do Salima's hair.
Sami will come in soon.
Sami sat there by himself for ten minutes.
Sami went to get donuts.
Sami was the owner of the hair salon.
Sami sat at the front desk, eating peanuts.
Sami waited for Layla while she was washing her hair.
Layla spent six hours in the shower.
Sami left for a little.
Sami was on his iPad.
Sami was texting his sister.
Sami does a really good job.
Sami was asking Layla strange questions.
Sami uploaded a picture of Layla.
Layla gets her hair done every Saturday.
Sami will be with you in five minutes.
Layla came in to do my hair.
Sami will drop me off.
Sami wasn't supposed to come today.
Sami was Layla's age.
Sami was getting her hair done.
Sami went over to the other side of the salon.
Layla just wanted to get her hair done.
Sami hasn't finished.
Layla started straightening Salima's hair.
Layla's boyfriend was a drug dealer.
Sami was cheating on his girlfriend.
Layla wanted her hair to be really short.
Layla has just been born.
Sami showed Layla a few pictures that he had on Instagram.
Layla wanted her hair really short.
Layla wants her hair really short.
Sami had a tiny towel wrapped around his neck.
Sami handed Layla a mirror.
Sami wants to touch Layla's hair.
Sami hoped Layla knew what she was doing.
Sami's hair looks alright.
Sami gave Layla back the mirror.
Layla was still straightening Salima's hair.
Sami gave Layla his business card.
Sami got out of Layla's hair salon.
Sami's mouth dropped open.
Sami doesn't even notice that.
Sami's hair is ridiculously ugly.
Sami put up his hoodie.
Sami didn't want anyone to see his hair.
Sami hates Layla's hair.
Sami's haircut is not that bad.
Sami's haircut isn't that bad.
Sami let Layla see his haircut.
Sami's hair looks a mess.
Sami's hair looks OK.
Sami's hair looks fine.
Layla could fix Salima's hair.
Layla didn't like that salon.
Sami doesn't want Layla to go back to that salon.
Sami's hair was just a mess.
Sami's hair is a mess.
Sami tried to cut his hair.
Sami wore a wig.
Sami wore a stupid wig.
Sami's hair looked bad.
Sami's hair looked horrible.
Sami's hair looks better now.
Sami's hair looks better.
Sami is the owner of the salon.
Layla wouldn't recommend that hair salon to anyone.
Sami wears his wig all the time.
Sami wore his wig all the time and he loved it.
Sami started wearing wigs.
Sami never wore a wig.
Sami was a cosmetologist.
Sami had never done this before.
Sami and Layla use the same hair products.
Sami is interested in seeing this.
Sami kept on watching.
Layla came to Salima to get her hair done.
Layla wanted to go back to her natural hair color.
Sami has no idea what I am talking about.
Sami has no idea what I'm talking about.
Sami showed the product to Layla.
Sami's hair was a little bit darker.
Sami probably has no idea what that means.
Sami wasn't exaggerating.
Sami was robbed of thousands of dollars.
Layla's jewelry was stolen.
Sami doesn't like to live with secrets.
Sami wasn't hiding anything.
Sami's dirty secrets were eating away at him.
Sami tried to make excuses.
Sami is really naive.
Sami was really naive and liked to believe that everyone was a nice person.
Sami hates that more.
Sami just listened.
Sami said that Layla was a liar.
Sami stole so much from Layla.
Sami needed those things.
Sami is not upset about that.
Sami was so hurt.
Sami moved across the country from Ontario to British Columbia.
Sami was planning on selling the furniture.
Sami wanted a country house.
Sami wanted to live in a cottage.
Sami wanted to live in the countryside.
Sami bought an apartment in Cairo.
Layla had boxes of makeup.
Layla buys a lot of makeup with her own money.
Sami buys Layla a lot of makeup.
Layla loves makeup.
Sami gave the cops some names.
Sami hung out with crappy people.
Sami was done in time.
Sami was able to pack everything himself.
Sami should have let us know.
Sami is in the living room.
Sami wished he had done this.
Sami doesn't want this to happen to anybody else.
Sami offered the cops drinks.
Sami lived in a big house.
Sami was living in a studio apartment.
Sami was a rich guy.
Layla loves beauty products.
Sami hasn't even thought about it.
Sami offered the construction workers drinks.
Sami never offers guests alcoholic drinks.
Sami doesn't drink wine.
Sami just doesn't like to talk about this.
Sami is so proud of it.
Sami's wife loved makeup.
Sami sat there, thinking.
Sami sold makeup products.
Sami sold beauty products online.
Sami took the boxes to Layla.
Sami was so nice to me.
Sami is so nice to Layla.
Sami was playing music and laughing.
Sami was so stressed out.
Sami was doing the work so quickly.
Sami is very professional.
Sami isn't smart.
Sami paid a lot of money for that move.
Sami was constantly offering drinks to his guests.
Sami deserves recognition for this.
Sami gave Layla a lot.
Sami is talking to them.
Sami talked to them about this.
Sami labeled every box.
Sami had boxes and boxes full of things.
Sami has a storage unit in that building.
Sami's boxes were marked and tagged.
Sami wouldn't be able to steal anything from Layla.
Sami packed the bins.
Sami didn't think twice about it.
Sami never texted me.
Sami agreed to do that.
Sami thought everyone was nice.
Sami stayed in Cairo for like a week.
Sami got very angry with me.
Sami wasn't polite.
Sami will handle it later.
Sami talked a lot.
Sami needs you to sign this paper.
Sami isn't signing anything.
Sami counted the boxes.
Sami counted the boxes twice.
Sami started calling the company.
Sami gave the box to Layla.
Sami put Layla makeup into a different box.
Sami's boxes were gone.
Sami's boxes were missing.
Sami lost half of his luggage.
Sami was missing a lot of stuff.
Sami's suitcases were gone.
Sami blamed it on Layla.
Sami started going through all the boxes.
Sami doesn't have any other option.
Sami didn't accuse anyone of anything.
Sami would never call anyone a liar.
Sami would never call anyone a thief.
Sami stole Layla's tiny suitcase.
Sami had two dogs in his back seat.
Sami bought a new watch.
Sami bought himself a watch.
Sami's watch was gone.
Sami didn't do a very intelligent thing.
Sami's perfumes were missing.
Sami didn't document where everything was.
Sami's perfumes were gone.
Sami packed that box separately.
Sami things that were very sentimental for him in that box.
Sami called at midnight.
Sami made a very comprehensive list of the items.
Sami didn't lose a box.
Sami didn't lose any box.
Sami's perfume was stolen.
Sami lost a suitcase.
Sami's suitcase has a tag on it.
Sami's suitcase was tagged.
Sami's suitcase wasn't documented.
Sami found this really crappy.
Sami doesn't even understand how this is possible.
Sami said this happened to him.
Sami could have done something to prevent that.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of Layla's kids.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of his roommates.
Sami moved across the country.
Sami shouldn't pack his things in front of Farid.
Sami bought the most expensive perfumes.
Layla needed a new foundation.
Sami let Layla know what he put in the suitcase.
Sami shouldn't have put that camera in the suitcase.
Sami asked Layla to move out that night.
Sami filmed the video for YouTube.
Sami filmed the video yesterday.
Sami filmed the video for his YouTube channel.
Sami had a really good experience with his roommates.
Sami hoped that.
Sami never uses a computer mouse.
Sami was trying to figure out where Layla lived.
Sami set Layla a trap.
Sami was living there permanently.
Sami lived in one of Layla's apartment.
Sami shared the kitchen.
Sami's bedroom was the size of a closet.
Sami's bedroom was very small.
Sami's bedroom was ridiculously small.
Sami saw Layla's apartment.
Sami needed to make a decision.
Sami invited Layla to the wedding.
Sami had to move into the apartment.
Sami helped Layla move.
Sami was moving in.
Sami seems nice.
Sami's roommate came back.
Sami got there later on.
Sami helped Layla move her stuff.
Sami acted like he was not there.
Sami acted like he wasn't there.
Sami just continued to talk and talk and talk.
Sami didn't smile.
Sami didn't try to say anything.
Sami didn't even try to say anything.
Sami is a talkative person.
Sami saw Layla almost every day.
Sami had a racist roommate.
Sami won't be able to stay there.
Sami wouldn't be able to stay there.
Sami had no cleaning skills.
Sami took out the trash.
Sami has already taken the trash out.
Sami threw stuff everywhere.
Sami made his own meals.
Sami didn't really have time.
Sami's entire apartment smelt awful.
Sami's apartment stank.
Sami left food scaps on the counters.
Sami left crumbs all over the floor.
Sami sat on the counter.
Sami stood on the counter.
Sami left the kitchen a mess.
Sami hates roaches.
Sami left food and stuff everywhere.
Sami cleaned up the kitchen.
Sami was still in the kitchen.
Sami cleaned up everything.
Sami was cleaning up the kitchen.
Sami bought some cleaning supplies.
Sami came to wash the dishes.
Sami washed the dishes.
Sami has two roommates.
Sami was going to wait.
Sami's kitchen got dirty again.
Sami cleaned the kitchen up again.
Sami did that on multiple occasions.
Sami doesn't know what Layla wants him to do.
Sami broke his toe.
Sami wanted to know how Layla broke her toe.
Sami won't tell you. That's private.
Sami's toe was still hurting.
Sami's toe was broken.
Sami was limping around.
Sami was waiting to see the doctor.
Sami lives in the other room.
Sami didn't know what bleech was.
Sami was with his roommate.
Sami was hanging out with his roommates.
Sami just didn't care at all.
Sami messages his roommate.
Sami didn't even ask me if I was OK.
Sami was afraid of heights.
Sami got irritated.
Sami knows that some people have fears.
Sami was causing even more issues.
Sami moved his bed into the living room.
Sami's living room is next to the kitchen.
Sami's living room is a mess.
Sami broke his fricking toe.
Sami wouldn't survive this.
Sami had no issue with Layla.
Sami got a six-day break.
Sami was enjoying his three-day weekend.
Sami broke his foot.
Sami said that he broke his toe.
Sami broke his toe, not his leg.
Sami and Layla didn't have sex in that house.
Sami and Layla never had sex in that hotel room.
Sami came in and turned on the lights.
Sami woke up earlier than I did.
Sami turned on the lights in the living room.
Sami turned the lights of the living room.
Sami was trying to sleep.
Sami sat at the kitchen table.
Sami and Layla were playing a card game.
Sami was trying to walk.
Sami was planning on moving out that summer.
Sami got approved.
Sami didn't tell his roommates.
Sami was messing with Layla's things.
Sami is moving out this day.
Sami doesn't remember what it was.
Sami moved out six days later.
Sami is going to finish this story tomorrow.
Sami finished his video inside.
Sami knows the combination to the safe.
Sami needed to go to bed early.
Sami didn't get home until six.
Sami was watching Spiderman.
Layla loves Disney princesses.
Sami needs to get some work done.
Sami doesn't really enjoy that.
Layla started to do her hair.
Sami needs to wash his hair.
Sami's clothes were on the toilet.
Sami has a huge storage closet.
Sami has a tiny apartment in Cairo.
Sami had a tiny apartment.
Sami's room was a bit larger.
Sami wasn't working.
Sami hates wasps.
Sami's clothes were on the floor.
Sami's YouTube video's are getting pretty long.
Sami doesn't need to move out.
Sami had a bad roommate.
Sami had issues with his roommate.
Sami is very calm.
Sami is very patient.
Sami's kitchen was always disgusting.
Sami asked Layla and Farid to have another meeting.
Sami didn't want to do his chores.
Sami is taking out the trash.
Sami left Layla a nicely worded message.
Tom is seeking an ASD diagnosis for his son.
Sami was getting his stuff out of the kitchen.
Sami was very old.
Sami didn't like Layla either.
Sami decided to stay.
Sami decided to stay there.
Sami's shower curtain was disgusting.
Sami's story was very boring.
Sami left the towel on the floor in the hallway.
Sami's towels stank.
Sami's towels are wet and stink.
Sami is trying to be nice.
Sami put the condoms on the counter.
Sami left the condoms on the counter.
Sami had to move out.
Sami and Layla don't know each other.
Sami and Layla do not know each other.
Sami and Layla come from the same town.
Sami and Layla were incoming freshmen.
Sami and Layla met each other in Cairo.
Sami and Layla didn't really talk much after that.
Sami and Layla started to develop a friendship.
Sami and Layla started going to dinner together.
Sami was over here.
Sami will bring Layla with him.
Sami was nervous meeting new people.
Sami was judgmental.
Sami just brushed off his shoulders.
Sami ran errands for Layla.
Sami had a very nice roommate.
Sami's shoes didn't fit Layla.
Sami needed to return those shoes.
Sami took Layla to the mall to return those shoes.
Sami drove Layla to the mall to return those shoes.
Sami can't take Layla to the mall today.
Sami was hanging out with them more and more.
Layla started creating some drama in school.
Sami asked Layla for advice.
Sami gave Layla some advice.
Sami was treating Layla so badly.
Sami kept hanging out with them.
Sami and Layla were not that close.
Sami and Layla weren't that close.
Sami and Layla never had deep conversations.
Sami and Layla were just friends.
Sami didn't seem to care about that.
Sami did not seem to care about that.
Sami was telling me about that.
Sami started messing with Layla.
Sami thought that would be funny.
Sami lived on the sixth floor.
Sami found trash in the hallway.
Sami told them to stop.
Sami wasn't going to stop.
Sami was very immature.
Sami lived across from us.
Sami created this mess.
Sami was kind of pissed.
Sami wanted to do something.
Sami kept denying everything.
However, the work is finished.
I hate you all as you are.
He is waiting for his brother at the river.
I don't remember where you dwel.
Yesterday's weather was very bad.
If you need a pen, I can lend you one.
I need a Ghardia carpet.
They didn't invite her.
He does this perfectly.
Whatever she eats, she will not get a perfect body.
What is happening in Ukraine?
He is younger than me.
Germany declared war on Poland.
I will travel abroad.
How is bread made?
Tom will never forget the moments he passed with Marie.
Today, I went to Wizgan.
Wake up, don't sleep.
Can I sleep?
The teacher who is speaking to you is a very experienced one.
I just want to talk a while with you.
I am 22 years old and I speak fluently 6 languages.
Your sister knows well what I am speaking about.
In Canada, people speak English and French.
She knows speaking French fluently.
I told him to stop speaking, but he goes on.
Where can I talk with you?
I think there still is a chance that'll happen.
My way of looking at things is not at all similar to other people's. For a long time, people have criticized my point of view.
Which cities are you all going to?
Why have you come only now?
War is like a raging fire.
A strange woman was standing in the doorway.
It shocked me!
We had an in-depth discussion about the problem.
I may not object to him going.
Too much nitrogen is just as harmful as too little.
His way of thinking is commonplace.
His way of thinking is formulaic.
Crustaceans have antennae.
I didn't know that wasn't supposed to happen.
Hold on! I am coming right now!
They must be carefull.
Values melt like snow in the sun!
He is corrupt.
Layla was a drama queen.
Layla was a drama queen in high school.
Sami was around fifeen or sixteen.
Sami was going into the sophomore year of high school.
Sami has always been a very creative person.
Layla wore rainbow socks.
Sami wanted to dress like those people.
Sami liked gloves.
Sami liked being different.
Sami is still like that today.
Layla used to wear rainbow socks.
Layla used to like gloves.
Sami just did not care what other people thought.
In life, good and evil clash relentlessly.
Sami was living his best life.
Sami wanted to do a change.
Sami changed his look.
Sami lost a lot of hair.
Sami had natural hair.
Sami bought Layla hair products.
Sami would buy Layla hair products.
Sami was on a hair forum.
Sami joined a hair forum.
Sami wanted Layla to take better care of her hair.
Sami left Layla that responsibility.
Sami had to cut his hair.
Sami was serious about that.
Layla's hair has a potential to grow.
Sami was ordered to shave his head.
Sami shaved the back of his head.
Sami know that Layla was one of those people.
Sami didn't care how crazy he looked.
Sami would get picked on by older boys.
Layla looked so cute.
Sami asked Layla about it.
Sami found that stupid.
Sami went shopping for school clothes.
Sami and Layla went shopping together.
Sami was so fashionable.
Sami thought he was so fashionable.
Sami and Layla went on a huge shopping trip.
Layla's hair has grown a little bit since that hair salon incident.
Sami's mom was at work.
Sami has been looking on YouTube for years for this cartoon.
Sami uses YouTube.
Sami uploaded the video yesterday.
Sami wanted to cut his hair.
Sami waited for his mom to come home.
Sami needs to go to the barbershop.
Sami took Layla to the barbershop.
Sami has been thinking of shaving his head.
Layla doesn't trust a lot of people with her hair.
Layla doesn't trust anybody with her hair unless they know what they are doing.
Sami never had a barber's license.
Sami has known Layla for a while.
Layla did her best friend's hair.
Sami doesn't look crazy.
Sami was so dehydrated.
Sami had his whole head shaved.
Sami had his head shaved.
Sami hasn't done this yet.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the cafeteria.
Sami came off the bus.
Sami was taking pictures and putting them on Facebook.
Sami doesn't use Facebook anymore.
Sami said that Facebook died.
Layla is pregnant now.
Sami didn't use Facebook.
Sami was whispering shit about me.
Sami was the talk of the sophomore grade.
Sami was the talk of the high school.
Sami ruined it.
Layla and Salima were cheerleaders.
Sami grew up with Layla.
Layla was super attractive.
Layla and Salima had perfect bodies.
Sami wanted Layla and Salima to be cool with him.
Sami was in love with a cheerleader.
Sami didn't fuck with that.
Sami changed.
Sami is a completely different person than the crazy asshole he was in high school.
Sami is a completely different person now.
Sami is gonna make so much more friends.
Sami is going to make so much more friends.
Sami was in the courtyard.
Sami bounced from clique to clique.
Sami was cool with those people.
Sami's school was very cliqued up.
Sami was dating a white girl.
Sami loved anime.
Sami's clique merged with Layla's.
Layla was holding her ponytail up.
Layla was copying Salima's style.
Layla copied Salima's style.
Layla was the most popular girl in school.
Layla's hair came back so healthy.
Layla's hair grew back so healthy.
Sami went back to his barber.
Sami knows Layla and Salima.
Sami was really involved in that.
Sami was involved in sports.
Sami shaved Layla's head.
Sami has to do his job.
Sami was so fucking heated.
Sami grew his hair back.
Layla and Salima are very pretty.
The goat is the poor man's cow.
Sami made a separate video on that.
Sami was pissed for like a week.
Sami is so pissed off.
Sami imitated little things that Farid did.
Sami would imitate little things that Farid did.
Sami was doing that, too.
Sami inspired Farid to do this.
Sami is in his new apartment.
Sami is in a new environment.
Sami sold the furniture.
Sami sold some of the furniture.
Sami wanted his furniture back.
Sami was a part of the KKK.
Sami came across this information.
Sami got the information he needed.
Sami is a KKK Grand Dragon.
Sami and Layla were having a nice time.
Sami got a call from his brother.
Sami only calls me when something is not right.
Sami started rebelling a lot.
Sami hit Layla up in the middle of the night.
Sami only hits me up when something is fucking wrong.
Sami is turning sixteen in six days.
Sami respects that.
Sami is calling me and I have to pick up.
The pigeon flew away with a message attached to his paw.
Sami is on a cruise.
Sami and Layla are on a cruise.
Sami remembers the name of the documentary.
Sami wanted to marry a Muslim woman.
Sami found a clip of the documentary.
Sami couldn't understand Layla's anger.
Sami was looking for that clip on YouTube.
Sami didn't want to defame anyone.
Sami's neighborhood was on that documentary.
Sami watched the documentary with Layla.
Sami will go over there.
Sami and Layla went over there.
Sami paused the documentary.
Sami was sitting on the couch with the TV paused.
Any carrion lying around is visited by the hyena.
Sami just moved out of that apartment.
Sami sold his apartment to Layla.
Sami was familiar with the area.
Sami's building was right next to Layla's building.
Sami doesn't like Muslims.
Sami said that he didn't like Jewish people.
Sami was so prejudiced towards several races.
Sami doesn't have a problem with black people.
Sami was a neo-Nazi.
Sami said that he didn't like Muslims.
Vultures eat carrion.
Sami went inside Layla's apartment.
Sami had Nazi decorations in his apartment.
Sami had hateful views.
Sami's front bumper was fucked up.
Sami was talking about his status in the KKK.
Sami was a Grand Dragon in the KKK.
Sami is a former KKK member.
Sami was seen in a picture holding an assault rifle.
Sami posted a picture of Layla on Facebook.
Sami was still working at Walmart.
Sami lived in a dorm room.
Sami was making hate speeches.
Sami posted hateful notes around campus.
Sami was super nervous.
The owl hunts the rats.
Sami saw tons of cops in the area.
Sami said that racism was very common in his city.
Sami lives right next to me.
Sami says hello to me in the morning.
Sami saw Layla leaving her apartment.
Sami's video made Layla feel unsafe.
Sami didn't get charged.
Sami makes YouTube videos.
Sami is making a YouTube video.
Sami still has a few months to live here.
Sami took part in an anti-KKK protest.
Sami made a video about this guy.
Sami thinks about it.
Sami talked about it with his mom.
Sami made significant changes.
The owl eats meat.
I don't often eat bananas.
Sami vandalized Layla's car.
Sami noticed little changes.
Sami was interviewing Layla.
Sami was trying to be a little bit more sympathetic.
Sami doesn't even know why he hates certain people.
Sami kept doing it.
Sami brought his kids to KKK meetings.
Sami was happy to move out.
Sami didn't want to be around somebody like that.
Sami didn't know where I lived.
Sami really didn't give a fuck.
Sami was kicked out of the campus.
Sami did a background check on Layla.
Sami allowed Layla to live here.
It seemed like an eternity to me.
Sami wrote a review on that movie.
Aart acted like he didn't notice that Emma was racist.
Sami was OK with that.
Sami wanted to know that.
Sami found out that his neighbor was a Grand Dragon in the KKK.
Sami had very extreme points of view.
Sami found out his neighbor was in the KKK.
Sami thought about his safety.
Sami should think about his safety before he does anything.
Sami can hurt you.
Sami moved far away.
Sami is in an unfamiliar area.
Sami is interested in hearing that.
Sami was interesting in hearing that story.
Sami was invited, too.
Sami e-mailed Layla back, introducing himself.
Sami gave Layla some basic information.
Sami and Layla were discussing what their likes and dislikes were.
Sami and Layla were planning how their room would be.
Sami's building was the only one that didn't have air conditioning.
Sami bought a gigantic fan.
Sami had two fridges.
Sami brought a fridge.
Sami had a big fridge.
Sami came home for six days.
Sami drove Layla up to school.
Sami helped Layla unload her stuff.
Sami checked everything.
Sami and Layla hugged.
Sami hugged Layla.
Sami hugged Layla's mom.
Sami moved into his dorm room.
Sami showed Layla around campus.
Sami had classes in the afternoon.
Sami would wake up at six a.m.
Sami prayed and meditated.
Sami surfed the Internet.
Sami had assignments he had to finish up before class.
Sami had to go to class.
Sami wasn't a morning person.
Sami was not a morning person.
Sami had to take a shower.
Sami needs to get up.
Sami went to class.
Sami had minutes to get to class.
Sami was trying to wake Layla up.
Sami had only one class on Friday.
Sami was taking a nap in the dorm room.
Sami made friends really quickly.
Sami was with his friends.
Sami and Layla came in.
Sami was talking crap about Layla.
Sami is Egyptian-American.
Sami is an international student.
Sami was born in Canada to Egyptian parents.
Sami said very hurfful things.
Sami was very to himself.
Sami was really nice to me.
Sami let Layla and her friends hang out in his room.
Sami isn't staying long.
Sami and Layla wanted to have their privacy.
Sami gave Layla and her friends snacks.
Sami fed Layla and her friends.
Sami was nice to Layla and her friends.
Sami heard her.
Sami can live there.
Sami started getting a massive headache.
Sami carried a bookbag.
Sami's head was pounding.
Sami started clapping.
Sami touched Layla's hand gently.
Sami's body hurt so bad.
Sami can't find Layla anywhere.
Sami is the graduate resident mentor.
Sami was the graduate resident mentor of Layla's dorm.
Sami came with Layla and Salima.
Sami's roommate was there, too.
Sami has to go to the hospital this morning.
Sami tried to call the hospital that Layla was in.
Sami was perfectly fine.
Sami used to get severe headache.
Sami has never had a migraine headache.
Sami didn't call anybody to come pick him up.
Sami was given a taxi voucher to call a taxi.
Sami's taxi was prepaid.
Sami is the nurse who tended to Layla.
Sami wouldn't be here today without Layla.
Sami was sound asleep in his bed.
Sami saw Layla being carried out on a stretcher.
Sami and Layla were freaking out.
Sami was genuinely worried about Layla.
Sami always talked to them.
Sami didn't care where Layla was.
Sami never asked questions.
Sami possibly put something in Layla's food and she didn't know it.
Sami brought Layla food every other week.
Sami and Layla lived in the same building.
Sami and Layla went to get lunch.
Sami went to Layla's room first.
Sami went to his room to drop off his stuff.
Sami was standing at Layla's desk.
Sami ran out of the room.
Sami was completely dumbfounded.
Sami was talking to the hall director.
Sami was the residence hall director.
Sami saw Layla pouring something in his drink.
Sami didn't want to take his backpack to the dining room.
Layla was really a witch.
Sami reported this to the hall director.
Sami requested to be removed from that room.
Sami said that our relationship was fine.
Sami's request was rejected.
Sami didn't trust Layla anymore.
Sami took a nap in Layla's room while she wasn't there.
Sami didn't like Layla napping in his bed.
Sami didn't like Layla napping in his room.
Sami broke into Layla's room to have a nap while she wasn't there.
Sami needed Layla's room.
Sami lives in a diverse area.
Sami was causing Layla problems.
Sami is still talking smack about Layla.
Sami caught Layla talking smack about him.
Sami had a problem with Layal.
Sami wanted to go to sleep at six.
Sami broke everything.
Sami really pissed Layla off.
Sami wasn't doing anything about it.
Sami wanted to be moved to another room.
Sami's hands were tied.
Sami's hands were practically tied.
Sami could see how miserable Layla was.
I usually eat by myself.
Sami doesn't want to deal with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to deal with Layla anymore.
Sami was in the studio, working on the project.
Sami's project requires a lot of time.
Sami found people sleeping in his bed.
Sami was sitting on my desk.
Layla took Salima's makeup without permission.
Layla used Salima's nail polishes without permission.
Layla used Salima's makeup without permission.
Sami came into the room and found the beer.
Sami didn't want to be on disciplinary probation.
Sami didn't bring alcohol into his room.
Sami got sick from the smell of alcohol.
Sami revoked Layla's rights to use his driveway.
Sami was going to the gym six times a week.
Sami was so adamant about losing weight.
Sami cried practically every single day because of that.
Sami's room was really hot.
Sami didn't allow his roommate to use his fridge.
Sami was putting alcohol in Layla's fridge.
Sami and Layla used the same fridge.
Sami took sixty percent of the room.
Sami lived on sixty percent of the room.
Sami moved his stuff back.
Sami got so angry with me.
Sami was hanging out with Layla's friend.
Sami was watching a movie in the lounge.
Sami and his friends were watching the news in the lounge.
Sami went to take a shower.
Sami got undressed.
Sami unlocked the door.
Sami took Layla's towel.
Sami wanted to change his password.
Sami paid the sixty dollars.
Sami did a mini-presentation on a book he read.
Sami asked Layla to read that book.
Sami was in the room.
Sami doesn't know when Layla is getting back.
Sami has a presentation in the morning.
Sami came in about an hour and a half later.
Sami came in with a friend.
Sami and Farid are great friends now.
Sami and Layla were not on good terms.
Sami and Layla weren't on good terms.
Sami found the light switch.
Sami turned on everything.
Sami slammed the door open and that woke Layla up.
Sami was trying to sleep because he had to wake up at six a.m.
Sami got ready for his presentation.
Sami started talking about Layla's hair and how he didn't like it.
Sami was talking crap about me.
Sami decided to confront Layla about it.
Sami came back from the bathroom.
Sami wrung the loofa really well.
Sami's loofa was dripping.
Sami didn't wring his loofa well.
Sami's loofa was still wet.
Sami came back screaming.
Sami is not the type of person to physically hurt people.
Sami isn't the type of person to physically hurt people.
Sami got really angry.
Sami is not to be trusted.
Sami isn't to be trusted.
Sami is literally insane.
Sami didn't love Layla.
Sami was fighting with other people.
Sami came to fight me twice.
Sami tried to get away from Layla.
Sami didn't try to do anything.
Sami isn't listening to you.
Sami is trying to help you.
Sami brought his dad here to come and fight me.
Sami came to fight me.
Sami came on Saturday to make sure Layla were there.
Sami threatened Layla again.
Sami won't be able to get into any school in the state.
Sami will sue Layla.
Sami decided to sue Layla.
Sami doesn't know what's up.
Sami was standing in front of his mirror.
Sami was complaining about how fat he was.
Sami wondered why Layla hated him so much.
Layla was skinny and pretty.
Sami had a good relationship with his siblings.
Sami has problems.
Sami has a lot of self-esteem issues.
Sami had a lot of self-esteem issues when he was in high school.
Sami was also shy.
Sami was very psychologically abusive to Layla.
Sami is really jealous.
Layla was very jealous of Salima.
Layla was jealous of Salima.
Sami had bipolar disorder.
Sami was on suicide watch.
Sami was dead on the floor.
Sami is a good roommate.
Sami wanted Farid to be his roommate for second year.
Sami wondered why Layla was laughing.
Sami refused to be Farid's roommate again.
Sami is trying to get better.
Sami was so toxic to people.
Sami is so toxic and rude.
Sami has a lot of work to do.
Sami tried to fight me multiple times.
Sami asked Farid to be his roommate.
Sami doesn't think that this is the best thing for Layla to do.
Sami is going to hate living with Layla.
Sami was going to regret it.
Sami blasts music all the time.
Sami wanted to transfer out.
Sami was unhappy.
Sami doesn't like Layla anyways.
Sami never had to see Layla's face again.
Sami tried to hug Layla but she pushed him away.
Sami had a really bad roommate.
Tom loves maths.
Tom loves mathematics.
They rolled the couscous of Mazigh's wedding party.
At nightfall, people go home.
I'd rather play tennis than swim.
The owl is a nocturnal animal.
Hybridization concerns the mule.
The lion is the king of the forest.
The jackal is full of mischief.
The giraffe's neck is long.
The ox is the male of the cow.
Sami knows what this video is going to be about.
Sami saw Layla's picture on Twitter.
Sami and Layla started following each other on Instagram.
Sami and Layla knew each other from college.
Sami wasn't here last semester.
Sami wasn't doing anything there.
Sami wasn't really doing anything there.
Sami was walking to his room.
Sami was riding his bicycle.
Sami was walking towards the gate.
Sami was going up the steps.
Sami asked Layla what she was doing there.
Does he speak English, French, or German?
Sami and Layla wanted to go to the same school.
Sami and Layla talked about everything.
Sami and Layla talked for like six hours.
Sami and Layla went to a party.
Sami and Layla wanted to go to some party.
Sami and Layla went to some party.
Sami doesn't date Layla anymore.
Sami will give you his number.
Sami is staying here for the weekend.
Can he speak English, French, or German?
Sami saw Layla at the party.
Sami gave Layla some liquor.
Sami went about his business.
Sami and Layla have been texting.
Sami and Layla shared the same bathroom.
Sami is in his bedroom.
Sami is going to move out.
Sami was rooming with Farid.
Sami wanted to replace Farid.
Sami used to stay there.
Sami knows somebody who can do this.
Sami was Farid's last roommate.
Sami's roommate was moving out.
Sami has been complaining about that.
Sami has always had bad roommates.
Sami was tyring to help Layla out.
Sami gave Layla his room number.
Sami had no idea.
Sami had six classes that day.
Sami was coming.
Sami put the key in the door to open it.
Sami let Layla come in.
Sami and Layla can do this now.
Sami doesn't know how to use the washing machine.
Sami let Layla use his stuff.
Sami has always complained about his roommates.
Sami has always had shitty roommates.
Sami broke Layla's heart.
Sami will never do that again.
Sami and Layla were getting to know each other.
Sami was Layla up at six every single morning.
Sami said it was an emergency.
Sami can't do that here.
Tom won't be coming back here.
Sami started getting so rude.
Sami was so thirsty.
Sami was fully dressed.
Sami went to the grocery store.
Sami found this very strange.
Sami was so tired.
Sami had to make a six-hour drive to Cairo.
Sami left his charger in his room.
Sami realized that he left his charger in the room.
Sami needed to go back to his room to get his charger.
Sami wondered why Layla was out at that time of night.
Sami is very, very tired.
Sami should be asleep.
Sami had classes in the morning.
Sami was bragging all the time.
Sami is Farid's other roommate.
Layla is doing her makeup.
Layla wanted to watch Salima while she was doing her makeup.
Layla asked Salima if she could watch her while she was doing her makeup.
Sami should have taken pictures of Layla's room.
Sami didn't read Layla's text message.
Sami stays here.
Sami got the towels for free.
Sami left Layla a note.
Sami and Layla will go to a restaurant.
Sami knows this girl.
Sami didn't have a bathroom in his room.
Sami was obviously annoyed.
Sami had a penis and Layla had a vagina.
Sami couldn't do anything at the time.
Sami kept speaking to me.
Sami wouldn't give Layla anything.
Sami was always asking for something.
Sami spoke to me.
Sami came back in his room.
Sami is washing his hands.
Sami needs to wash his hands.
Sami's hands smell of shit.
Sami saw Layla's shoes.
Sami was hanging out with a bunch of weirdos.
Sami was making noise.
Sami knew that Layla wasn't asleep.
Sami knew that Layla was hearing that.
Sami took Layla's tissue.
Sami was stealing Layla's tissue.
Sami was using Layla's tissue.
Sami stole Layla's tissue rool.
Sami searched everywhere.
Tom took his trousers off.
Tom took off his trousers.
Sami went to wash his face.
Sami washed his face and brushed his teeth.
Sami brushes his teeth before and after breakfast.
Sami hates brushing his teeth before breakfast.
Sami is coming down here.
Sami was getting pissed off.
Sami heard the door slam.
Sami was stealing Layla's toothpaste.
Sami heard Layla talking about that.
Sami knew Layla was talking about him.
Tom is watching telly.
Sami started to get mad.
Sami started to get aggressive.
Sami started making some verbal threats.
Sami was making verbal threats.
Sami called the police on his roommate.
Sami was a weirdo.
Sami has been watching Layla for months.
Sami saw Layla standing in front of his buidling.
Sami was talking on the phone in front of Layla's building.
Sami tried to fake a robbery.
Sami was on that campus.
Sami tried to steal Layla's new shoes.
Sami needs to watch his back.
Sami knows everything about Layla.
Sami and Layla need to watch their backs.
Sami had no evidence to hide.
Sami's mom is here.
Sami's mom is there.
Sami does nothing.
Sami always does this.
Sami has multiple YouTube channels.
Sami is a liar.
Sami told me that Layla was a liar.
Sami was still lying.
Sami needs to watch for Layla.
Sami knows about this.
Sami's academic career was a lie.
Sami told Farid how Layla was crazy.
Sami always wins.
Sami was constantly crazy.
Sami couldn't go to sleep.
Sami was up.
Sami was already up.
Sami turned the TV off.
Sami heard all that noise.
Sami knew it wasn't Layla.
Sami sat inside his room.
Sami asked Layla to be quiet.
Sami was nasty.
Sami was being nasty.
Sami didn't do anything to Layla.
Sami knew that Layla didn't love him.
Sami was trying to apologize.
Sami was trying to go to sleep.
Sami doesn't sleep.
Sami slept during the day.
Sami always wakes Layla up.
Sami stays up all night.
Sami and Layla were up.
Sami and Layla were still up.
Sami was trying to get some rest.
Sami didn't think so.
Sami isn't talking to Layla anymore.
Sami was tyring to compromise with Layla.
Sami was causing nothing but problems.
Sami has been bullying Layla for months.
Tom is getting married this autumn.
Sami said this to me.
Sami is up now.
Sami likes to fight.
Sami bought a pair of sneakers.
Sami was really pissed off.
Sami could knock your head off your shoulders.
Sami took Layla to the living room.
Sami was sick of Layla complaining about Farid.
Sami was tired of Layla complaining all the time.
Sami was a filthy person.
Layla was the cleanest girl walking.
Sami and Layla were talking a shower together.
Sami just took another shower.
Sami hates taking showers.
Sami hates all that shit.
Sami never takes showers.
Sami never showers.
Sami hates water.
Sami made a joke.
Sami noticed.
Sami's apartment smelt.
Sami's car smelt.
Sami's dog pooped in Layla's car.
Sami has been dealing with this for months.
Sami was in Egypt at the time.
Sami turned on the air conditioner.
Potato crisps are my favourite.
Layla's makeup was coming off because she was sweating.
Sami needs to do this outside.
Sami and Layla were pissed.
Sami turned off the air conditioner.
Sami was disrespectful to Layla.
Sami needs to let me know right now.
Sami has no problem.
Sami hates the way that air freshener smells.
Sami's apartmetn smells horrible.
Sami put the air freshener in the bathroom.
Sami wanted to do this.
Sami doesn't do what people want him to do.
Sami doesn't listen to other people.
Sami had roommates.
Sami was never respectful to me.
Sami was never respectful to Layla.
Sami kept talking about this.
Sami doesn't clean up.
Sami is nasty.
Sami was fed up and could take it no more.
Sami was fed up and couldn't take it anymore.
Sami knows about everything.
Sami knows about Layla's text messages.
Sami knows about it all.
Sami is not coming back.
Sami got a visa.
Sami wasn't coming back.
Sami was escorted out.
Sami doesn't have class this morning.
Sami reported Layla to the cops.
Sami wanted to move into that vacant room.
Sami wasn't in that room.
Sami messed with Layla's stuff.
Sami would mop the floor with Farid.
Sami's spring break started on Saturday.
Sami made Layla cry.
Sami hated the apartment.
Sami already hates this apartment.
Sami was nothing but disrespectful.
Sami needs to watch his stuff.
Sami was with his other roommate.
Sami didn't know Layla was in there.
Sami was always eavesdropping on Layla.
Sami was always in that room.
Sami thought Layla was talking about him.
Sami was still in bed.
Sami felt like Layla was disrespecting him.
Sami talked about how dirty Layla was.
Sami collected candles.
Sami was talking about hair products.
Sami doesn't know what Layla is trying to do.
Sami got too close.
Layla doesn't have time for drama.
Layla didn't have time for drama in college.
Sami heard the whole thing.
Sami saw Layla and her friend.
Sami and Layla were just arguing.
Sami had to make a statement, too.
Sami came from my hood.
Sami remembers that girl.
Sami did that that morning.
Sami thought something was wrong with Layla.
Sami forgot Layla's room number.
Sami and Layla slept in this room.
Sami didn't want to handle that.
Sami won't go into details.
Sami doesn't want to watch the video.
Sami was kind of upset.
Sami thought that was OK.
Sami was talking to one of his co-workers.
Sami ended up watching the video.
Sami finished watching the video.
Sami has committed suicide.
Sami committed suicide, as well.
Sami was a singer from Cairo.
Sami filmed his last video on Saturday.
Sami had to put this video on his channel.
Sami wanted to help people.
Sami was teaching at high school.
Sami felt unimportant.
Layla is beautiful in her own way.
Sami was so lost.
Sami felt he wasn't needed in the world.
Sami felt he wasn't important.
Sami wanted to help Layla.
Sami wanted to let Layla know that she wasn't alone.
Sami didn't want to do something that he would regret.
Sami is going to do something that he will regret.
Sami has a diary.
Sami remembered this happening.
Sami remembers what happened exactly.
Sami's grandma passed away when he was in college.
Sami didn't expect Layla to die at such a young age.
Sami used to go running every morning.
Sami went running every morning.
Layla was my mom's friend.
Sami was always at the church that Layla used to go to.
Sami was a little bit younger than his cousin.
Sami heard about it.
Layla tutored a couple of kids.
Sami became close with Layla.
Layla tutored kids in the neighborhood.
Sami would smile all the time.
Sami's laugh was so contagious.
Sami was just bubbly.
Sami wanted to be Farid's friend.
Sami made CD's.
Sami got two CD's for six dollars.
Sami and Layla were hanging out and joking around.
Sami plays basketball.
Sami stopped coming to church.
Sami didn't come to church.
Sami didn't see Layla for a few months.
Sami came to church.
Sami came up and gave me a hug.
Sami was going into business.
Sami became a professional basketball player.
Sami had his birthday around that time.
Sami was on Myspace.
Sami's Myspace page is still there.
Sami messaged Layla on Myspace.
Sami didn't reply anymore.
Sami heard his mom crying.
Sami was standing in the hallway, next to the kitchen.
Sami committed suicide last night.
Sami was just in shock.
Sami remembers every single moment he spent with Layla.
Sami had so much potential.
Sami doesn't want to believe it.
Sami's sister came down.
Sami and Layla were crying.
Sami wrote an article.
Sami doesn't need to explain what he did.
Sami never knew what Layla was going through.
Sami always thought Layla was smarter than that.
Sami was really tall.
Sami much taller than Layla.
Sami was just sixteen.
Sami ruined his life and the lives of people around him.
Sami was writing Layla letters.
Sami wanted to write someting but he didn't know what.
Sami won't be able to stop.
Sami has been to several funerals.
Sami's mom passed away.
Sami went to a funeral.
Sami is always smiling.
Sami's entire school was at his funeral.
Sami is a kid Layla's age.
Sami killed himself at sixteen.
Sami died at six.
Sami's little sister passed away when she was just six.
Sami's funeral was the worst day of my life.
Sami and Layla were close to Farid.
Sami lived where Layla was buried.
Sami passed away unexpectedly.
Sami didn't have anything.
Sami remembers where Layla was buried.
Sami is buried here.
Sami was buried there.
Sami knew he was in that area.
Sami couldn't find Layla's grave.
Sami and Layla just held each other and cried.
Sami and Layla held each other and prayed.
Sami could do anything he wanted to.
Sami had the whole package.
Sami didn't believe in himself.
Sami had no idea why Layla killed herself.
Sami was hiding his feelings.
Sami laughs a lot.
Sami knows that Layla laughs a lot.
Sami doesn't have to worry about his problems anymore.
Sami transferred his problems to Layla.
Layla is a mom now.
Sami can't tell his parents anything.
Sami doesn't feel the same way.
Sami doesn't understand anything Layla was going through.
Sami couldn't get what I was going through.
Sami understands better now.
Sami was having trouble with this.
Sami doesn't have to be so perfect.
Sami is glad Layla is back.
Sami doesn't like to mention this.
Sami didn't hear about this anymore.
Sami is more interested in this.
Sami doesn't want to tell people about it.
Sami isn't alone.
Sami heard a train in the background.
Sami is not alone.
Sami needs to speak to someone.
Sami can call the hotline.
Sami won't tell anyone else.
Sami will do everything he can to speak to Layla.
Sami would never leave Layla alone.
Sami cares about Layla's feelings.
Sami smiles and makes eye contact with everyone.
Sami felt small and insignificant.
Sami and Layla were kind to one another.
Sami wanted to affect people positively.
Sami should be aware of the situation.
Sami was feeling so sad.
Sami doesn't think this is important.
Sami won't be mentioning that.
Sami won't be mentioning anything.
Sami got so emotional.
Sami could hear a baby in the background.
Sami started to do a video.
Sami didn't wish any ill on Layla.
Sami has known Layla since she was probably six years old.
Sami and Layla go to church together.
Sami and Layla went to the church picnic.
Sami came back up.
Sami remembered telling that to Layla.
Sami wanted to feel included.
Sami stayed at home.
Sami was staying in the dorm.
Sami lived at a motel.
Sami introduced Layla to his best friend.
Sami got a bad vibe from Layla.
Sami sensed something was wrong.
Sami said he got a bad vibe from Layla.
Sami made friends with other freshmen.
Sami and Layla would go to parties.
Sami's house is an hour from where our school is.
Sami has never done drugs in his life.
Sami stayed in the car.
Sami and Layla stood there.
Sami never does drugs.
Sami thinks Layla is smoking weed.
Sami doesn't have to be around them.
Sami's friends smoke weed.
Sami doesn't like weed.
Sami was very loyal to his friends.
Sami was serious in college.
Sami talked about basketball.
Sami was popular in college.
Sami told Layla everything that was going on in his relationship with Salima.
Sami cares about me.
Sami was taking it with a grain of salt.
Sami didn't know Layla was telling everyone about that.
Sami told everyone else.
Sami and Layla got along so well.
Sami and Layla brought their kids.
Sami put Layla down a lot.
Sami got really jealous.
Layla was so blonde.
Sami said that in front of everyone.
Sami and Layla grew up near each other.
Sami and Layla knew each other from church.
Sami grew up in the ghetto.
Sami doesn't like to confront people in front of everybody else.
Sami's city was bad.
Sami was moving to a better area.
Sami would notice little strange things.
Sami didn't tell Layla about his relationship with Salima.
Sami had a friend who was a girl.
Sami and his friends were all talking.
Sami believed Layla was in heaven.
Sami believes Layla.
Sami was saying something.
Sami was in hell.
Sami believed Layla was in hell.
Sami believes that dogs go to heaven.
Sami and Layla are still sitting here.
Sami was talking to himself.
Sami wouldn't treat Layla this way.
Sami was so done with Layla.
Sami should have worded it differently.
Sami didn't even deserve a reply.
Sami saw Layla there.
Sami and Layla had mutual friends.
Sami has been talking about Layla.
Sami came up to me and started talking to me about Layla.
Sami walked by Layla and said nothing.
Sami wanted to let Layla know that he knew that she was talking about him.
Sami stopped talking to Layla completely.
Sami became friends with his roommate.
Sami slept in Layla's living room.
Sami's daughters were annoying.
Sami was trying to be around Layla.
Sami isn't good for Layla.
Sami is coming to see Layla.
Layla took off her earrings.
Sami was talking about Layla for no reason.
Sami was talking shit about Layla for no reason.
Sami and Layla are like our brothers.
Sami isn't the only one.
Sami brought Layla there.
Sami cared about you.
Sami and Layla sat together.
Sami went there the next day.
Sami wondered why Layla was sitting next to Farid.
Sami said bye and left.
Sami was done speaking to Layla.
Sami's Arabic was perfect.
Sami has to do it again.
Sami got really pissed off about that.
Sami was still speaking to Layla.
Sami left Layla at the bus stop.
Sami didn't speak to Layla anymore.
Sami doesn't hold grudges.
Sami has gotten married.
Sami did Layla wrong.
Sami and Layla aren't going to be friends again.
Sami and Layla are not going to be friends again.
Sami deleted Layla front his friends list.
Sami was talking about Layla, too.
Sami is nice.
Sami and Layla talked a little.
Sami deleted me as a friend.
Sami sent Layla a friendship request.
Sami and Layla are adult now.
Sami asked to be my friend again.
Sami has kids.
Sami never really reached out to Layla.
Sami is either bipolar or crazy.
Sami doesn't need that anymore.
Sami doesn't trust anyone.
Sami learned a valuable lesson.
Sami taught Layla a valuable lesson.
Sami is going to be teaching this year.
Sami is teaching this year.
Sami will never go there again.
Sami did a horrible job.
Sami thanked Layla so much for the gift card.
Sami doesn't want to explain the story.
Sami doesn't recommend anyone to go there.
Sami looked at Layla's hand.
Sami couldn't see it.
Sami couldn't see that star.
Layla's nail salon opens at nine.
Layla wanted to get her nails done.
Layla got her nails done.
Layla was doing her nails.
Sami was behind the desk.
Sami wrote down his name.
Sami told Layla to write down her name.
Layla has been to nail salons before.
Sami should come back.
Sami didn't move until six.
Sami didn't leave until six o'clock.
Sami left for a minute.
Sami walked out the door.
Sami was in front of me.
Layla wants to get her nails done.
Sami can get it for you.
Sami can get that book for you.
Layla wants pink gel nails.
Layla wanted clear gel nails.
Sami doesn't care about the price.
Sami can pay for it.
Sami was kind of rude.
Layla didn't want to wear pink gel polish.
Sami shouldn't be arguing with customers.
Sami didn't say that.
Sami was already sitting there.
Sami had to tell Layla several times that what she was doing was wrong.
Sami didn't have enough to pay for it.
Sami thought Layla didn't have enough to pay for it.
Sami thought that was going to be too long.
Sami looked at Layla's nails.
Sami has a bad habit.
Sami's nails are so short.
Sami has always bitten his nails.
Sami still has nails.
Sami's hands were tiny.
Sami's hands are small.
Sami bit his nails all the way down to the nail bed.
Sami knows he is not a professional.
Layla's fake nails were really big.
Layla's fake nails were pretty short.
Layla can't cut her hair too short.
Layla's fake nakes are pretty short.
Sami was just trying to be nice.
Sami always says that.
Sami was filing his nails.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is getting upset at him.
Sami was very nice.
Sami had the nerve to look at me like I was crazy.
Sami was looking at Layla like she was crazy.
Sami was wiggling his fingers.
Sami told Layla to go wash her hands.
Sami really liked that color.
Sami doesn't know what that color is called.
Sami was sitting in front of the fan.
Layla's fake fingers were horrible.
Sami was out of there six minutes later.
Sami did a bad job.
Sami told his sister about this.
Sami doesn't even plan on going back there.
Sami could never fix that.
Layla wrote a horrible review about that nail salon.
Layla showed her false nails to Sami.
Layla's false nails are all different lengths.
Layla's false nails are horrible.
Sami has a family reunion to go to this weekend.
Layla is getting her nails done.
Layla got her false nails cut down.
Layla went to a nail salon.
Sami took Layla to a nail salon.
Sami was charged extra.
Layla was charged extra for getting her nails done.
Sami does a horrible job.
Layla was messing up people's nails.
Layla is messing up people's hair.
Sami will never set foot there again.
Sami enjoys Layla's stories.
Sami thought it wasn't important to mention.
Sami visited Layla for a few weeks.
Sami wasn't really getting along with his mom.
Sami and Layla were clashing all the time.
Sami visited his wife for a few weeks.
Sami is down there for a few weeks.
Layla is going to come back pregnant.
Layla missed her period and was getting a little worried.
Layla took a pregnancy test and it came back negative.
Layla didn't want to get pregnant.
Layla was relieved that she wasn't pregnant.
Sami keeps forgetting things and remembering things.
Sami had to work overnight.
Sami drove Layla to the airport.
Sami had to drive Layla to the airport that morning.
Sami dropped Layla off at the airport.
Sami ended up getting home at six.
Sami and Layla were walking around Walmart.
Sami was so hungry.
Sami wanted to eat anything he saw.
Sami was on his way home.
Sami felt so weak and so hungry.
Sami has never been this hungry in his life.
Layla still shared a room with her sister.
Sami sprayed some perfume when he got home.
Sami thought Layla was pregnant.
Sami found Layla's pregnancy test.
Sami doesn't know Layla is pregnant.
Layla denied the fact that she was pregnant.
Sami was feeling a little off.
Layla needs to get another pregnancy test.
Layla's pregnancy test came up positive.
Sami was so supportive.
Layla was not expecting to get pregnant.
Layla wasn't expecting to get pregnant.
Sami will call Layla first.
Sami needs to tell Layla.
Layla told Sami that she was pregnant.
Sami asked Layla to stop joking.
Sami thought it was still a dream.
Layla is sure she is pregnant.
Sami knew that Layla was pregnant.
Layla's mom knew that she was pregnant.
Sami just kept denying.
Sami asked Layla to take a pregnancy test.
Layla went to the toilet to take a pregnancy test.
Sami was not ready.
Layla went to the bathroom to take the preganncy test.
Layla showed Sami her pregnancy test.
Layla took the pregnancy test again.
Layla is going to take the pregnancy test again.
Sami asked Layla to take the pregnancy test again.
Layla peed on the stick and it came up positive.
Layla's pregnancy test was positive.
Sami remembers Layla crying.
Sami was engaged but he wasn't married yet.
Sami and Layla didn't want to have a baby before getting married.
Sami started crying, too.
Sami is gonna have to tell Layla's father.
Sami is going to have to tell Layla's father.
Sami really disappointed Layla.
Sami was very supportive.
Sami always expected Layla to be supportive.
Sami really did not expect that from Layla.
Sami really didn't expect that from Layla.
Sami expected Layla to be angry.
Sami didn't tell Layla right away.
Sami had to stop what he was doing.
Sami came down to his room.
Sami had a family, too.
Sami had six sons from his first marriage.
Sami knew the situation that I was in.
Sami has never seen his dad cry before in his life.
Sami loves the baby.
Sami still loves you.
Sami will always be here for Layla.
Layla's parents found out that she was pregnant.
Sami wanted to make the wedding really big.
Sami and Layla were already planning to get married.
Sami and Layla were already planning to get married anyways.
Layla's parents were so supportive.
Sami really thanks God for his parents.
Sami and Layla are not married yet.
Layla ended up pregnant.
Sami will never find out.
Sami has kids now.
Layla was pregnant with Sami.
Layla was watching pregnancy videos.
Layla got pregnant by Sami.
Sami filmed his first YouTube video in 2016.
Sami was still a baby.
Sami's computer was stolen.
Sami didn't back up his computer hard drive.
Sami has two amazing little boys.
Sami is just so perfect and I love him.
Sami enjoyed watching those videos.
Sami didn't have any suggestions.
Tom was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.
When Tom went to primary school he was assigned a learning support assistant.
Tom is hyperlexic.
When animals sate themselves, they quarrel in the stable.
Don't be afraid, I am not wicked.
I needed your help, but I couldn't find you.
The tallest animal in the world is the giraffe.
It's not politically correct to make fun of someone's disability.
That's not how you do it, you numskull!
The orchestra entered on the downbeat of the conductor's baton.
The Scottish Reel should be played with a strong downbeat on the first note of each bar.
The Central Bank issued a downbeat assessment of the economic prospects for the next financial year.
Everyone was exhausted, so the party was a somewhat downbeat affair.
My classmate, Xiao Ming, has strong managerial capability.
Waves crashing against the coast.
Yes, I'll come at once.
Is this lady a saleswoman?
I turned into a small alleyway.
You remind me so much of Tom.
You remind me so much of Mary.
I missed the train by a hair's breadth.
I've eaten it.
He turned and waved to me.
I wonder how long this will last.
Tom usually wears glasses only when he reads.
Even you couldn't answer.
I like Danish beer.
Tom usually only wears glasses when he reads.
Tom only wears glasses for reading.
Tom usually wears glasses when he reads.
Even Tom wasn't able to answer the teacher's questions.
They told us to wait here.
They told us that we should wait here.
What did you hope to find?
What were you hoping to find?
Where's the cellphone?
Where are we going to eat tonight?
Mary immediately recognized his voice. It was Tom!
Mary immediately recognized Tom's voice.
Tom immediately recognized Mary's voice.
Tom played Moonlight Sonata on the piano.
Tom played Moonlight Sonata at his high school recital.
Tom sat at the piano and played Moonlight Sonata.
Moonlight Sonata was composed by Beethoven.
Tom was moved by the music.
Mary was moved by the music.
Tom refused to leave without Mary.
The cat got your tongue?
There are eight notes in an octave.
Tom listened to classical music.
Please, turn the page.
Please go to the next page.
Today I can see the mountain clearly.
I'm really sorry. I seem to have lost your umbrella.
Concerning this word, each expert has a different point of view.
It wasn't until after visiting Australia that I realized Japan was so small.
Sami thinks I am lying.
Sami thinks I'm lying.
Sami has two kids. One is Layla and she is sitting right here, and the other is Farid.
Sami is married and has two kids.
Sami explained what happened.
Sami went to visit his fiancee.
Sami and Layla had a lot of time to just hang out.
Sami had actually lived in the Cairo area.
Sami spent like a month there.
Sami and Layla went everywhere.
Sami and Layla had a lot of fun.
Sami and Layla hung out together for the first week of vacation.
Sami and Layla hung out together for the first week of spring break.
Sami and Layla were around the same age.
Sami and Layla were just sitting around.
Sami and Layla had nothing to do.
Sami was at the corner store.
Sami was thinking of something to do.
Sami's store is a little bit different.
Sami walked to the window.
Sami's store is really small.
Sami was on the opposite side.
Sami told me what he wanted and I got it for him.
Sami wanted to drink some soda.
Sami has two younger sisters.
Sami was back in the house.
Sami went back to get his stuff.
Sami and Layla were waiting in line.
Sami waited for five or six minutes.
Sami was up to something.
Sami heard someone walking.
Sami wanted to know what Layla was texting.
Sami is nosy.
Sami hates nosy people.
Sami didn't look up to see who it was.
Sami moved to the other side.
Sami is moving to the other side.
Sami looked up and saw Layla.
Sami looked he was on drugs.
Sami was almost six feet.
Sami was giving Layla a weird look.
Sami got his food.
Sami walked back to the house.
Sami got something to eat.
Sami was still hungry.
Sami's store is literally right across the street.
Sami ordered his food.
Sami was sitting next to a tall guy.
Sami didn't want to tell you.
Sami was sitting right next to Layla.
Sami was behind me.
Sami was jerking off behind Layla.
Sami couldn't believe Layla did that.
Sami didn't want Layla to follow him home.
Sami was super sketchy.
Sami was waiting for his food.
Sami had a surveillance camera at his store.
Sami played the surveillance video.
Sami wasn't even looking at that.
Sami didn't look up.
Sami was texting.
Sami heard the attic door open.
Sami followed us from the store to our apartment building.
Sami was free to do whatever he wanted to do.
Sami moved to the side.
Sami is on drugs.
Sami pulled out his dick.
Sami slapped his dick on the table.
Sami was younger than Layla.
Sami was leaving the store.
Sami stayed outside.
Sami told the police what happened.
Sami doesn't know where that store is.
Sami lives down the street.
Sami will meet you there.
Sami gave the police his permanent house address.
Sami walked really fast.
Sami is in shock.
Sami was talking to two female officers.
Sami was inside the store.
Sami told the police officers everything.
Sami lives a couple blocks away.
Sami wants to file a police report.
Sami never went to Walmart again.
Sami never did drugs.
Sami's parents are kind of strict.
Sami had very strict parents.
Sami deleted everything.
Sami has to redo this video.
Sami does a lot of videos.
Sami is really into fitness.
Sami loves Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami and Layla made a video together.
Sami gets paid from YouTube.
Sami loves YouTube.
Sami does YouTube as a hobby.
Sami is talking to his friends.
Sami does YouTube just for the money.
Sami is trying to scam Layla.
Sami is a scammer.
Sami helped Layla succeed.
Sami has a social security number.
Sami has nothing against those girls.
Sami got tagged in an Instagram picture.
Sami tagged Layla in the Instagram picture.
Sami reposted Layla's Instagram picture.
Sami and Layla were working together.
Sami found that really cool.
Sami seemed he knew what he was doing.
Sami posted the pictures on Instagram.
Sami put the pictures up on Instagram.
Sami won't check out the pictures.
Sami texted Layla back again.
Sami won't be interested.
Sami wrote me back.
Sami didn't have all the details.
Sami asked for more details.
Sami received the e-mail.
Sami needs to take a quiz in order to become a member of the group.
Sami was part of the group.
Sami asked Layla simple questions.
Sami answered all the questions.
Sami doesn't upload videos on his YouTube channels.
Sami has over sixty thousand subscribers on YouTube.
Sami will be doing a group Skype meeting.
Sami messaged Layla right back.
Sami is going home for the holidays.
Sami has crap to do.
Sami got home Saturday.
Sami will be busy there.
Sami is traveling.
Sami is traveling with his kids.
Sami is gonna be in the car with Layla.
Sami is going to be in the car with Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to start a new group on Facebook.
Sami heard Layla's kids in the background.
Sami read the text message.
Sami is in the car with his parents and kids.
Sami doesn't know how to write that.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be so nice.
Sami didn't reply to that.
Sami's message didn't deserve a reply.
Sami will stay home.
Sami is staying home today.
Sami stayed home for a couple of hours.
Sami will stay home on Saturday.
Sami wasn't interested in that anymore.
Sami finished his Skype conversation.
Sami and Layla agreed on this.
Sami and Layla have agreed on this.
Sami heard this from Layla.
Sami will have to pay sixty dollars.
Sami will use the money for that.
Sami's Facebook group isn't that big.
Sami has a cooking channel on YouTube.
Sami is in the group.
Sami has to speak to the person in charge.
Sami was in charge of the Facebook group.
Sami communicated with other people.
Sami doesn't want to be part of that at all.
Sami is giving money to Layla.
Sami doesn't know where the money is going.
Sami called Layla after the Skype meeting.
Sami is really not interested.
Sami wanted to keep it nice.
Sami found that so fishy.
Sami wasn't interested to get himself into this.
Sami signed a contract.
Sami doesn't need a contract.
Sami received some messages from Layla.
Sami received some text messages from Layla.
Sami advised Layla not to sign that contract.
Sami doesn't recommend doing that.
Sami only has sixty subscribers on YouTube.
Sami is making six thousand dollars a month on YouTube.
Sami does this as a hobby.
Sami doesn't do this to make money.
Sami filmed this really quickly.
Sami was trying to scam people.
Sami had good intentions.
Sami is trying to scam people.
Sami can't see this.
Sami can't hear this.
Sami got a new camera.
Sami has got a new camera.
Sami has a professional camera now.
Sami is using a professional camera.
Sami wants to get that camera.
Sami wants to buy that camera.
Sami's camera is pretty pricey.
Sami is so busy now.
Sami doesn't know yet.
Sami will be teaching in two weeks.
Sami didn't pass one of the tests.
Sami retook the test.
Sami took the test Friday.
Sami took a pretty pricey test.
Sami finished his license degree.
Sami will be teaching in Cairo.
Sami started looking for a daycare.
Sami found a good daycare.
Sami started looking for a daycare in that area.
Sami didn't have time to schedule a visit.
Sami went to check out the daycare.
Sami will be soon teaching in the same area.
Sami was sitting in the car for a few minutes.
Sami can come in as well.
Sami buzzed Layla in.
Sami's office was a complete mess.
Sami's office was a big mess.
Sami was in one of the seats.
Layla was holding her baby.
Sami opened the closets.
Sami's closet just looked a mess.
Sami finished telling the cops everything.
Sami will come back and get you.
Sami knew that Layla didn't work there.
Sami doesn't work there.
Sami mailed Layla a check.
Sami was very unprofessional.
Sami didn't come to answer the phone.
Sami showed Layla Farid's room.
Sami had a really big room.
Sami's living room was split in three sections.
Sami's kids were running around.
Sami was arguing on the phone.
Sami was yelling at someone.
Sami was on the phone, yelling at someone.
Sami didn't fully close the door.
Sami was on the phone, yelling.
Sami told Layla to be quiet.
Sami knocked on the door and told Layla to be quiet.
Sami was trying to explain to us everything that was going on.
Sami brought a pack of diapers.
Sami bought a pack of diapers.
Sami did not expect that.
Sami's mat was disgusting.
Sami's mat was filthy.
Sami's mat was dirty and it smelt.
Sami was in there with his kids.
Sami's soccer ball was dirty.
Sami didn't really like that.
Sami's toys were old and dirty.
Sami started walking us to the other side of the house.
Sami was holding a baseball bat.
Sami put the box in Layla's office.
Sami crossed paths with Layla and Farid.
Sami saw Layla's room.
Sami walked into Layla's room.
Sami's room was a little bit smaller.
Sami was playing with Legos.
Sami wouldn't play with something like that.
Sami wouldn't play with toys like that.
Sami kept writing.
Sami seemed unorganized.
Sami was writing on that sheet of paper.
Sami has already seen enough.
Sami didn't need to ask any more questions.
Sami walked into that room.
Sami took Layla to the playground area.
Sami built a little house for his kids in the backyard.
Sami has a gym area in his house.
Sami is interested.
Sami went back into the car.
Sami questioned everything.
Sami questioned everything about Layla.
Sami's office was completely crazy.
Sami wasn't acting professionally at all.
Sami wouldn't send any of his kids there.
Sami wrote his name on a diaper.
Sami was completely shocked.
Sami visited Layla's daycare.
Sami didn't find a daycare for his children.
Sami didn't find an affordable daycare for his children.
Sami needs to wait until he gets his degree.
Sami has to wait until he gets his degree.
Sami has never been to any daycare.
Sami's food is healthy.
Sami is going to love the food.
Sami knows that Layla is going to love the food.
Sami was so excited for his kids to go to that daycare.
Layla's makeup was wearing off.
Layla's makeup was coming off.
I had one beer!
Sami put up the video on YouTube.
Sami feels a little more comfortable talking about it now.
Sami and Layla wanted to have twins.
Sami put a link to Layla's YouTube channel on his Facebook page.
Sami is not going to come to work tomorrow.
Sami married one of the twin sisters.
Sami wanted to do a video about that.
Sami will be student-teaching.
Sami chose a different school to work with.
Sami didn't like the teacher.
Sami will student-teach in two different locations.
Sami will student-teach in two different schools.
Sami didn't have to worry about transportation.
Sami applied to a middle school to work there.
Sami applied to a middle school to teach there.
Sami had a lot of credentials.
Sami got expelled later.
Sami went to meet that lady.
Sami waited for Layla in the lobby.
Sami had an appointment with the principal.
Sami's secretary was there.
Sami took it the wrong way.
Sami always took it the wrong way.
Sami told me a little bit about himself.
Sami was home-schooled.
Sami was unqualified.
Sami has never been in an elementary school before.
Sami wasn't set for the job.
Sami's kids were home-schooled.
Sami can't go into details.
Sami signed a confidentiality agreement.
Sami would complain about the principal and the other teachers.
Sami would always complain about that.
Sami can't help other teachers.
Sami is doing his job right.
Sami talked about the principal a lot.
Sami wasn't good enough.
Sami taught in a predominently Caucasian school.
Sami has never complained about Layla.
Sami used to make Layla's lunch.
Sami eats a peanut butter sandwich every day.
Sami likes peanut butter.
Sami eats a peanut butter sandwich every single day.
Sami would complain about everything.
Sami would complain about everyone.
Sami is new to the area.
Sami asked for the name of a restaurant.
Sami had to leave the room.
Sami was talking crap about the principal.
Sami does remember this.
Sami is not fit for this job.
Sami is a special education teacher.
Sami was a general education teacher.
Sami has been working there for six months.
Sami knew I was a special education teacher.
Sami didn't attened any special education meetings.
Sami didn't attend any meeting.
Sami isn't sure yet what he wants to do.
Sami doesn't care what's going on outside.
Sami would say hi and Layla wouldn't reply.
Sami's room was really cold.
Sami talked about his parents.
Sami attended the parent-teacher conference.
Sami was talking about the teacher.
Sami hates me.
Sami sat down first.
Sami pushed Layla's chair away from him.
Sami isn't good enough.
Sami finished teaching.
Sami got more used to teaching.
Sami was slow.
Sami was too slow.
Sami wasn't good enough, no matter what he did.
Sami student-taught for a year.
Sami was getting his master's degree.
Sami took education.
Sami wanted to take education.
Sami wants to take psychology.
Sami was doing everything Layla wanted him to do.
Sami should already know.
Sami had to go to that meeting.
Sami was studying-teaching.
Sami has to go with Layla to that meeting.
Sami wanted to listen to Layla's new album.
Sami listened to Adele.
Sami didn't want to listen to rap.
Sami was putting on his coat to leave.
Sami was supposed to walk the kids out.
Sami was sitting at Layla's desk.
Sami started eating the cookie.
Sami likes chocolate, too.
Sami was eating the donuts.
Sami ate six donuts.
Sami was staring at Layla while she was eating the donuts in front of him.
Sami was eating the donuts in front of the kids while they were just staring.
Sami finished eating the donuts.
Sami will do better next time.
Sami does that in front of the kids.
Sami walked the kids out to their parents.
Sami won't do it again next week.
Sami knew what he had did.
Sami went too far.
Sami was rude to everybody.
Sami was rude to Layla's parents.
Sami needs to get his things together.
Sami obviously had mental issues.
Sami obviously had issues.
Sami didn't have time to get everything together.
Sami did everything he was supposed to do.
Sami had a great time.
Sami works with me.
Tom was diagnosed with autism and severe depression.
I need another one, but I've no money now.
I'm a bark eater.
Iskandar is my best friend.
They are close friends.
Faris and Saiful are close friends.
She is not a virgin anymore.
I am still single.
He still managed to write a letter even when his hands are shaking.
I am not sure this sound of Azan is coming from which mosque.
The holiday trip to Tanjung Jara will be joined by all of the course's participants.
I do not know who else loves you more than I do.
Please make a sentence by using this word.
Teacher, please allow me to go to the washroom.
I am going to the washroom for a while.
I wonder, when would your father return?
I promise I will settle this debt next month.
He is not a virgin anymore.
Everybody but me was against that plan.
How common is it to see kangaroos and koalas in Austria?
Sami needed to get his things together.
Sami had some issues.
Sami did not like me.
Sami called a substitute teacher.
Sami had to write everything down on his pad.
Sami had a great time with Layla.
Sami allowed Layla to work with Farid.
Sami left his desk.
Sami left his desk and never returned.
Sami never mentioned it.
Sami came towards the evening.
Sami didn't care who did it.
Sami asked Layla to fix the door.
Sami had nothing to wear.
Sami knew he crossed the line too far.
Sami took the kids to lunch.
Sami moved something in the room.
Sami never says "thank you."
Sami picked two students.
Sami wrote down our names.
Sami was the student of the month.
Sami wasn't allowed to touch that paper.
Sami called up the wrong name.
Sami crossed the line too far with Layla.
Sami is making money off of this.
Sami isn't going to get in trouble for this.
Sami thanked Layla for saying so.
Sami told the principal.
Sami thought I did it.
Sami suggested this.
Sami should have said this to Layla.
Sami was always trying to be nice to Layla.
Sami called Layla's principal.
Sami saw Layla at the state fair.
Sami saw Layla before she saw him and he turned around.
Sami knows it was me.
Sami took all of that crap.
Sami recommended Layla to Farid.
Sami remembered Layla saying that.
Sami was having trouble.
Sami didn't come here.
Sami was being really nice to the kids.
Sami's kids gravitated toward Layla.
Sami didn't give Layla anything.
Sami gave Layla a card.
Sami didn't want me to leave.
Sami was kind.
Sami felt so bad for those kids.
Sami has some issues.
Sami saw Layla at a fair.
Sami automatically turned around.
Sami turned around super fast.
Sami's daughter was standing next to Layla.
Sami was standing next to Layla's daughter.
Sami recommended Layla to the professor.
Sami told Layla exactly how Farid was.
Sami didn't help Layla at all with that situation.
Sami didn't help Layla at all.
Sami said negative things about Layla.
Sami worked with so many people.
Sami left the school.
Sami is still teaching today.
Sami was able to learn a lot of things.
Sami smiles all the time.
Sami thinks Layla is crazy.
Sami never got paid for that.
Sami never got paid because he was student-teaching.
Sami would never ever student-teach with Layla again.
Sami will vote for Layla.
Sami has seen crazier things.
Sami hoped to never see Layla again in his life.
Sami did that a few years ago.
Sami is still interested.
Sami has a letter.
Sami was reading letters.
Sami was reading letters that people had sent to him.
Layla was the sweetest girl ever.
Sami was scared of heights.
Sami wasn't scared of heights.
Sami wanted to climb that mountain.
Sami climbed that tall tree.
Sami challenged Farid to climb the tallest tree in the park.
Sami's family were Christians.
Sami was a die-hard Christian.
Sami knows that this may sound crazy to you.
Sami didn't allow Layla to listen to music.
Sami was always listening to Christian radio stations.
Sami was listening to Christian rock.
Sami had a tutoring business.
Sami tutored Layla's kids.
Sami had a really good friend from our church.
Sami burned CD's.
Sami could burn any CD he wanted.
Sami knew everything about Michael Jackson.
Sami is Layla's mentor.
Sami gave the CD to Layla.
Sami gave Layla the money.
Sami gave Layla the two CD's.
Sami was a teenager.
Sami switched CD's very fast.
Sami didn't have that option.
Sami was around the house.
Sami got his CD's out.
Sami listened to the CD's till midnight.
Sami said that was his favorite song.
Sami went to see his cousin in Egypt.
Sami went there for the weekend.
Sami is going to go to Egypt.
Sami brought his CD's.
Sami took his CD's to Egypt.
Sami let Layla bring her CD's.
Sami asked Layla to go and get his CD's.
Sami stacked his CD's inside a book.
Sami doesn't have an innocent face.
Sami had such an innocent face.
Sami met Layla at the first floor.
Sami was trying to get inside the car.
Sami was heading to the car.
Sami didn't let Layla see that book.
Sami opened the book and a CD's fell out.
Sami bought a blank CD.
Sami called his sister, Layla.
Sami called his older sister, Layla.
Sami was doing something right.
Sami can help Layla.
Sami wanted to figure out what was in those CD's.
Sami went up to the fridge.
Sami knew that his days were numbered.
Sami put the Michael Jackson CD in first.
Sami listened to the song for ten seconds.
Sami knew it was over.
Sami was going to be crucified.
Sami cannot even touch Layla.
Sami can't even touch Layla.
Sami was punished for three months.
Sami has never listend to Michael Jackson since then.
Sami thought Layla was cute.
Sami won't forget that punishment.
Sami will never forget that punishment.
Sami was probably fifteen or sixteen at the time.
Sami lied to his mom.
Sami recognized that Layla was lying.
Sami came back and slapped Layla.
Sami can't trust Layla as far as he can see her.
Sami is gonna be around me.
Sami is going to be around me.
Sami made Layla wear a leash.
Sami asked Layla to wear that leash.
Sami took Layla grocery shopping.
Sami lived on the other side of the island.
Sami was on the other side of the aisle.
Sami was walking around the supermarket.
Sami was getting so upset.
Sami asked Layla to stop that.
Sami asked Layla to stop it.
Sami has got to be creative.
Sami has been through a lot of punishment.
Sami was teaching.
Sami doesn't want to do anything.
Sami mentioned that towards the end of the video.
Sami was a high school Arabic teacher.
Sami taught Arabic at a Christian school.
Sami taught at a Christian school.
Sami had videos playing in his office.
Sami sat next to us.
Sami created the video.
Sami found this so interesting.
Sami sent Layla the link.
Sami sent Layla the link to the video.
Sami took a screenshot on his phone.
Sami will show that to his students.
Sami found this a great idea.
Sami had to go to the doctor's with his son.
Sami took his son to the doctor's.
Sami won't be able to understand it.
Sami needs to teach his students this.
Sami had his students watch the video.
Sami was gone for the whole day.
Sami forgot why he did that.
Sami was there most of the time.
Sami and Layla were doing the same thing.
Sami wanted his students to take notes.
Sami watched every single video of the playlist.
Sami showed the video to his students.
Sami is already watching the video.
Sami showed the video to Layla.
Sami asked Layla to watch that video.
Sami took a picture.
Sami's students were watching the video.
Sami was talking about the Super Bowl.
Sami said the word "ass."
Sami is Christian.
Sami is Jewish.
Sami was washing his hair.
Sami talked about creation.
Sami is talking about evolution.
Sami was still mentioning.
Sami taught biology.
Sami really likes that word.
Sami had to turn the TV off.
Sami apologized to the principal.
Sami is going to be fired from the school.
Layla is the principal's daughter.
Sami is out of the job.
Sami ran over to Layla's office.
Sami showed his students the wrong video.
Sami made another video about creation.
Sami decided to denounce Christ and become an atheist.
Sami decided to become an atheist.
Sami became an atheist.
Sami found that so embarrassing.
Sami watched the entire video.
Sami must think I'm crazy.
Sami is cursing.
Sami was talking about evolution.
Sami apologized to every single one of those students.
Sami converted to Islam.
Sami let the principal know what happened.
Layla wore winter rain boots.
Sami put on his sneakers.
Sami was in that building, teaching.
Sami was wearing boots.
Sami was wearing two different sneakers.
Sami has three different sets of sneakers.
Sami ran out to his car.
Sami was in his classroom.
Sami ran to the locker room to switch his sneakers.
Sami couldn't believe that he did that.
Sami had many questions about that.
Sami's store is still open to this day.
Sami was wearing blue socks.
Sami was locked in for an entire hour.
Sami stepped inside that room.
Sami did the detective work.
Sami doesn't have to wait so long.
Sami made a quick video about it.
Sami always eats at that cafeteria.
Sami didn't bring lunch from home.
Sami brought a salad from home.
Sami ate pizza at the cafeteria.
Sami was sitting there, talking with the teachers.
Sami didn't eat anything either.
Sami ate a salad.
Sami had food poisoning.
Sami's food makes Layla sick.
Sami never eats the cafeteria food.
Sami cooked dinner for the kids.
Sami could barely get up.
Sami came back out.
Sami started to get dressed.
Sami went to the bathroom again.
Sami has just talked about that.
Sami talked about food poisoning.
Sami met Layla in the parking lot.
Sami didn't know what was going on with him.
Sami started throwing up.
Sami was in the classroom with the kids.
Sami had to do some office things.
Sami went out of the room.
Sami was working with a group of six kids.
Sami's stomach was hurting.
Sami was working with three co-workers.
Sami started sweating.
Sami was looking at the door.
Sami met Layla at the door.
Sami felt like he was about to drop and pass out.
Sami can go home now.
Sami wasn't in there.
Sami went to grab his stuff.
Sami explained the same thing to Layla.
Sami started student-teaching.
Sami wasn't supposed to miss any faculty meeting.
Sami missed the meeting.
Sami knows he has a meeting today.
Sami didn't want to get in trouble with his grades.
Sami doesn't need to be here.
Sami and Layla went back home.
Layla called her husband and told him.
Sami brought the kids early from daycare.
Sami put the kids to sleep.
Sami obviously got the message.
Sami is staying home with me.
Sami played.
Sami started to feel better.
Sami texted his teacher to let him know that he was sick.
Sami didn't get sick.
Sami doesn't wish that on anyone.
Sami finished filming the video.
Sami eats the cafeteria food.
Sami made peanut butter sandwiches.
Sami was able to get over it.
Sami doesn't care about Thanksgiving.
Sami loves Christmas.
Sami looked into the back of Layla's mouth.
Sami started feeling a little pain.
Layla nursed her daughter.
Layla was nursing.
Sami started to feel pain.
Sami usually does this.
Sami felt a lot of pain.
Sami cleaned his mouth.
Sami knows what it is.
Sami was so much pain for a couple of days.
Layla is a wonderful lady.
Sami doesn't make YouTube videos.
Sami wanted to show love to Layla.
Sami was a wonderful roommate.
Layla was Sami's homegirl.
Sami and Layla both had their own separate rooms.
Sami had his own room.
Sami stood in the middle.
Sami and Layla shared the same toilet.
Sami shared the toilet with three other roommates.
Sami used the toilet every single day.
Sami's toilet was really dirty.
Sami was concerned.
Sami wasn't really in the room that much.
Sami did talk to Layla.
Sami found this so annoying.
Sami's toilet is really dirty.
Sami saw Layla on campus.
Sami doesn't have time for it.
Sami was really annoyed.
Sami had to deal with that problem constantly.
Sami had his own toilet.
Sami had a toilet in his room.
Sami opened the bathroom door.
Sami looked straight at the toilet seat.
Sami didn't know exactly what to do.
Sami never knocked on the door.
Sami has never been the person to go to counselors.
Sami wanted to handle the situation without getting anybody in trouble.
Sami got a little crazy.
Sami had to go through that.
Sami could do whatever he wanted.
Sami would do whatever he wanted.
Sami was walking down the hall.
Sami was packing up his stuff.
Sami had enough of it.
Sami really had enough.
Sami didn't want to clean the toilet.
Sami knows Layla is in there.
Sami isn't leaving any time soon.
Sami did a horrible thing.
Sami should never have done that.
Sami looked fine.
Sami seemed OK.
Sami was in an apartment.
Sami and Layla were living together.
Sami and Layla split the light bill.
Sami's apartment was hot.
Sami turned the AC on.
Sami turned the air conditioner on.
Sami kept the air conditioner off.
Sami had had enough.
Sami wanted to make that clear.
Sami closed his door.
Sami wasn't hearing anything.
Sami was not hearing anything.
Sami wanted to have Layla fined.
Sami got fined.
Sami snitched on Layla for having a dog in that apartment.
Sami had a pitbul.
Sami and Farid started to go through roommate issues.
Sami was overreacting.
Sami was really pissed about it.
Sami never snitched on Layla.
Sami was a sibling of Layla's.
Sami was a sibling of mine.
Sami snitched on me.
Sami didn't understand why Layla was reacting in that type of way.
Sami was living in that house.
Sami didn't know how to handle that.
Sami and Layla weren't talking.
Sami and Layla apologized.
Sami apologized and things got better.
Sami had to let Layla know.
Sami will wait.
Sami was supposed to be looking nice.
Sami was new at the time.
Sami was a server for six years.
Sami loves reading comments on his videos.
Sami had a really mean manager.
Sami's managers literally hated him.
Sami is obviously not the best employee there.
Sami didn't say where he worked.
Sami worked there for a really long time.
Sami started working at that bar.
Sami started a new job.
Sami was working at a bar.
Sami was really familiar of how Layla did things at the bar.
Sami didn't sell anything.
Sami and Layla were pretty cool.
Sami hated me so much.
Sami took things so seriously.
Sami was so strict.
Sami wanted to watch a hockey game.
Sami made the schedule.
Sami had a life outside of that restaurant.
Sami waited for a few minutes.
Sami and Layla are sitting there.
Sami talked to me.
Sami is a great server.
Sami is not from this part of the country.
Sami is from the South.
Sami is very efficient.
Sami was sweeping.
Sami was sweeping the kitchen area.
Sami was trying to be a good employee.
Sami was a terrible worker.
Sami was just trying to be a good employee.
Sami worked there for a while.
Sami took Layla to a fine dining place.
Sami owned a restaurant.
Sami came in frequently.
Sami didn't see Layla that much.
Sami was preparing a salad.
Sami is waiting for his food.
Sami is not out there.
Sami was in the kitchen, doing his work.
Sami is going to hate me.
Sami has been waiting for Layla.
Sami was one of the owners of the restaurant.
Sami's table was on the other side of the room.
Sami should have told Layla what was up.
Sami was so patient.
Sami felt really terrible about that.
Sami quit on Saturday.
Sami ended up looking like an idiot.
Sami was flustered.
Sami almost got fired.
Sami was wearing a sombrero.
Sami had thick moustaches.
Sami wanted to hear about that.
Sami was working at a restaurant at the time.
Sami worked as a server there.
Sami worked as a server and bartender there.
Sami's restaurant stayed open until two in the morning.
Sami wanted to work that day.
Sami had several shots of tequila.
Sami had his eyes set on that.
Sami stood outside.
Sami gave Layla a bottle of tequila.
Sami wanted a beer.
Sami wanted to dip out early.
Sami drinks.
Sami drank a ton of margaritas.
Sami was playing a game.
Sami hated me from the very first day he met me.
Sami worked nights and Layla worked days.
Sami is working with me.
Layla was so bitchy and opinionated.
Sami gave Layla the title of manager.
Sami noticed that Layla was there.
Sami ran into a bunch of friends from high school.
Sami saw many familiar faces at the bar.
Sami is their friend.
Sami served Layla a free shot of tequila.
Sami is having fun.
Sami was having fun at the bar.
Sami was already full-blown drunk.
Sami punched himself in the face.
Sami was still wearing his sunglasses.
Sami kept his sunglasses on.
Sami knew that Layla was drunk.
Sami gave Layla a free drink.
Sami put the money in the tip jar.
Sami's head was getting very fuzzy.
Sami put the money back in the register.
Sami was a big partier.
Sami poured a beer, then poured a shot into it.
Sami needed to tell Layla something.
Sami is gonna be in trouble tomorrow.
Sami is going to be in trouble tomorrow.
Sami reported this to the manager.
Sami has his sunglasses on.
Sami was putting the money in his tip jar.
Sami is having fun at the bar.
Sami was talking to his friends.
Sami was so drunk.
Sami was serving people.
Sami didn't need Layla anymore.
Sami was waiting for that time.
Sami gave Layla a piece of paper.
Sami handed Layla a piece of paper.
Sami was too drunk.
Sami was waiting for his manager.
Sami gave the money to his manager.
Sami's friends were there.
Sami was too drunk to drive home.
Sami was obviously too drunk to drive home.
Sami woke up to the smell of barbecue.
Sami tried calling his manager but he was not responding.
Sami's manager was so mad at him.
Sami was getting tipped fat that night.
Sami and Layla were standing on the patio, talking.
Sami gave Layla a job.
Sami gave Layla sixty dollars back.
Sami almost got fired on the 5th of July.
Sami worked as a server in restaurants.
Sami didn't want to miss that.
Sami wished Layla luck.
Sami kept watching the video.
Sami's YouTube videos are sponsored by Walmart.
Sami was working for them.
Sami kept all his information stored on his phone.
Sami was obsessed with that app.
Sami downloaded that app for free.
Sami has been watching Layla's videos for a while.
Sami always talked about his ex-girlfriend.
Sami and Layla had a horrendous breakup.
Sami's accident never happened.
Sami was dating a girl before Layla.
Sami worked at the same restaurant as Layla.
Sami went to college before Layla.
Sami moved back.
Sami trashed Layla's apartment.
Sami found out that Layla went back to her ex-boyfriend.
Sami was working at that restaurant.
Sami wasn't working there anymore.
Sami has worked there for a while.
Sami worked there for a little while.
Sami said something like that.
Sami wondered why Layla was so weird.
Sami has a story for you.
Sami worked there with his girlfriend.
Sami was texting other girls.
Sami had to work.
Sami needs to talk to the manager.
Sami was crying so hard.
Sami had the reputation for having dated that prostitute.
Sami worked at a different restaurant.
Layla started off as a hostess at the restaurant where Sami worked at.
Sami was standing right next to Layla.
Sami got used answering the office phone.
Sami worked for the restaurant for a little while.
Sami started serving at the restaurant.
Sami was trained to be a server.
Sami was serving a couple.
Sami was serving that table.
Sami took Layla's order.
Sami took the check and walked away.
Layla was the sweetest sweetheard ever.
Sami has just started serving.
Sami was drinking a drink that looked like a cocktail but it didn't have alcohol in it.
Sami's tray tipped over and fell.
Sami just stood there, frozen.
Layla had a navy-blue dress on.
Sami spilled a tray of drinks on a young lady.
Sami ruined Layla's prom.
Sami spilled a drink on Layla's prom dress.
Sami mentioned that at the beginning of the video.
Sami got a little tired of that.
Sami wanted to hear all about it.
Sami was traveling a lot to go visit Layla.
Sami has just finished visiting Layla.
Sami missed his flight.
Sami landed in Cairo around six p.m.
Sami had a sick feeling in his stomach.
Sami is an anxious traveler.
Sami got to the airport.
Sami's flight is gonna be delayed.
Sami's flight is going to be delayed.
Sami was sitting in the terminal, waiting for his flight.
Sami was trying to stay busy.
Sami was getting visibly annoyed.
Sami can't do anything to change the situation.
Sami's flight has been delayed again.
Sami is around Layla's age.
Sami's flight was super quick.
Sami turned his phone back on.
Sami turned his phone off.
Sami landed in Cairo.
Sami's flight from Cairo to Toronto has been canceled.
Sami was getting off the plane.
Sami was walking to the terminal.
Sami split ways with Layla.
Sami is losing his mind.
Sami's flight was the very last flight to Cairo that night.
Sami's flight was canceled.
Sami talked to the gate agent.
Sami waited in a line of probably fifty to sixty people.
Sami was screaming at the gate agents.
Sami's flight has been canceled.
Sami talked to a different gate agent.
Sami was screaming out at the airport.
Sami was walking to the next gate.
Sami has some bad news.
Sami's flight is full.
Sami's flight is leaving at six.
Sami needed to figure out what to do.
Sami isn't supposed to be on that flight.
Sami's flight was full.
Sami has to go home.
Sami was stranded at that airport.
Sami was stranded in Cairo.
Sami could be there for sixteen hours.
Sami was flying back to Cairo.
Sami's flight was leaving in thirty minutes.
Sami took that flight and went home.
Sami got on that flight.
Sami got on the wrong flight.
Sami had no toothbrush.
Layla had no makeup.
Sami got on the flight.
Sami breathed a sigh of relief.
Sami was playing a hockey game that night.
Sami helped Layla out so much.
Sami still hasn't heard from Layla.
Sami was dating Layla at the time.
Layla was dating that guy at the time.
Sami was so exhausted.
Sami's flight is at six in the morning.
Sami finally got back to his house at six in the morning.
Sami called the lady who was watching his dog.
Sami had a huge farm in Ontario.
Sami called the airline.
Sami was trying to reschedule his flight.
Sami has to buy a new ticket.
Sami was just young and dumb.
Sami took another flight.
Sami used all of his money on that plane ticket.
Sami was so broke at the time.
Sami waited until the prices dropped down.
Sami went to that store.
Sami was wearing those glasses regularly.
Sami got stranded in Cairo.
Sami tried to open the airplane door.
Sami can probably hear that.
Sami was interested in hearing that.
Sami took that trip a year ago.
Sami was Farid's best Facebook friend.
Sami had just moved to Cairo the day before.
Sami has been driving for six days straight.
Sami felt a little bit stressed.
Sami stopped at a cafe for a glass of wine.
Sami and Layla were incredibly drunk.
Sami and Layla were incredibly loud.
Sami boarded the plane.
Sami checked in.
Sami checked in and boarded the plane.
Sami saw Layla in the cafe.
Sami never talked about it.
Sami had claustrophobia.
Sami sat in an aisle seat.
Sami chose an aisle seat.
Sami picked an aisle seat.
Sami sat in the first aisle seat.
Sami sat in the first available aisle seat.
Sami was reeking of alcohol.
Sami needed drinks.
Sami needs to get some drinks.
Sami was sitting in the window seat.
Sami's plane hasn't even taken off.
What do you feel for me?
What concerns most people is the air they breathe, the food they eat and the water they drink - water that helps to grow the food they eat.
Buying an apartment is both exciting and scary.
Where are the newspapers?
I'm giving him my phone number.
I'm giving her my phone number.
The little cat is sitting on the trash.
Where is your key?
I am about to melt, said the stone to the root ball. She replied, "What about me?"
Doing your best is better than doing nothing at all.
A glass of water will do you good.
We will start work soon.
I am the only one in the group who can not speak French.
Let's think about the worst that can happen.
Switzerland is the country of the railways.
Did you taste the chicken?
I will not be able to do this without your help.
Where is the pen?
I know, I know.
Tom came into my office and closed the door.
Every day I get up at 6 o'clock.
We are going to move house, but I still don't know where we are moving to.
In China, southern people eat rice as staple food; northern people eat wheaten food as staple food.
If I knew you were sick, I would have gone to the hospital to pay you a visit.
His son has talent, but cannot pass the college entrance exam.
His upper body looks like it has the shape of an inverted triangle; standing there, he seems extremely handsome!
Shanghai is so prosperous; notably it was after the port was opened for trade one hundred and sixty years ago that things started to change.
You smell it. Do five spice tea eggs smell good?
Juan died from tuberculosis.
Sami told us another crazy story about his crazy life.
Sami scammed Layla out of money.
Sami has been watching this channel for a while.
Sami hasn't seen that.
Sami didn't want to name that company.
Sami was super angry.
Sami was vengeful.
Sami didn't necessarily do anything illegal.
Sami didn't do anything illegal.
Sami worked for a clothing company.
Sami loved Layla's tutorials.
Sami loved Layla's YouTube tutorials.
Sami loved Layla's videos.
Sami loved Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami loved Layla's job.
Sami wanted to do a video.
Sami paid the minimum price.
Sami's company is based in Egypt.
Sami answered e-mails.
Sami is an Arabic translator.
Sami received the first e-mail back from Layla.
Sami heard a lot about those products.
Sami wanted to try those products.
Sami did a video.
Sami was paid through Paypal.
Sami did another video with Layla.
Sami wrote back.
Sami hated those products.
Sami really enjoyed the clothing.
Sami got free clothes.
Sami's YouTube channel performed really well.
Sami owned several companies.
Sami was e-mailing so many different customers.
Sami was used to that.
Sami thinks it's great.
Sami did several videos.
Sami did several videos with Layla.
Sami gave Layla a discount.
Sami was done doing those videos.
Sami loved seeing those videos.
Sami was super honest about it.
Sami really enjoyed these clothes.
Sami got paid next to nothing.
Sami got contacted again by that company.
Sami did two videos about that.
Sami loved Christmas.
Sami wore a sweater.
Sami offered Layla a good salary.
Sami doesn't have the budget.
Sami was super busy.
Sami really loved seeing that.
Sami isn't going to make a video.
Sami tried the clothes on.
Sami doesn't have access to those e-mails anymore.
Sami got an e-mail from his company.
Sami is coming after Christmas.
Sami made another video about that.
Sami canceled the order.
Sami didn't send the package on time.
Sami is doing a video.
Sami sent Layla the link to his video.
Sami asked Layla to put his logo in her video.
Sami was helping Layla out.
Sami made the video public.
Sami was waiting for Layla's e-mail.
Sami isn't paying Layla.
Sami is going to be paid for that video.
Sami's payment will be sent soon.
Sami found that really annoying.
Sami knows what is going on.
Sami paid you already.
Sami hasn't received any payment from the company.
Sami started e-mailing Layla regularly.
Sami didn't get a notification for a payment.
Sami didn't get paid.
Sami asked Layla to pay him.
Sami accidentally deleted the e-mail.
Sami ended up blocking Layla.
Sami was so mad at himself for not screenshotting Layla's e-mails.
Sami was looking at his e-mail history.
Sami sent over sixty e-mails to Layla.
Sami is planning on suing this company.
Sami was blocked by Layla.
Sami got e-mails from sixteen different girls.
Sami was never paid for the work that he did for Layla.
Sami is not making a video.
Sami was paid for the video.
Sami betrayed his co-workers.
Sami worked at a restaurant.
Sami ended up quitting.
Sami has never met Layla before.
Sami never forgets this.
Sami worked at a mall.
Sami kept calling Layla "darling."
Sami was paying all of Layla's bills.
Sami was there for the daytime service.
Sami was a nice guy.
Sami didn't need to work.
Sami didn't have the need to work.
Sami was always complaining.
Sami wanted to go and hang out with his family.
Sami doesn't want to do this job.
Sami offered to do that job.
Sami had the money to do it.
Sami just took the money and didn't complain.
Sami started catching wind of Layla offering to pay people to cover for her.
Sami took Layla's shift that night.
Sami constantly called Layla.
Sami asked Layla to work for him.
Sami offered to pay Layla to take his shift.
Sami hated the night shift.
Sami picked up Layla's shift.
Sami would joke about it.
Sami was scheduled that night.
Sami doesn't want to work tonight.
Sami wanted to make extra money.
Sami was very busy during the day.
Sami was very busy during the day at work.
Sami is on the phone and he wants to talk to you.
Sami was losing money.
Sami can't work tonight.
Sami didn't want to work that night.
Sami offered Layla sixty dollars.
Sami kept asking Layla to work for him.
Sami was getting so sick of Layla doing this.
Sami likes the way Layla thinks.
Sami was pretty busy.
Sami is on the phone and he wants to talk to Layla.
Sami called Layla every single weekend.
Sami wants Layla to work for him.
Sami wants Layla to work for him tonight.
Sami came to my home to bring me the money.
Sami came to my work to bring me the money.
Sami will pay you.
Sami will come to your house right now and bring you the money.
Sami gave Layla the night off.
Sami was so sick and tired of Layla.
Sami was covering Layla's shifts.
Sami took the night off.
Sami loved his manager so much.
Sami brought Layla the money.
Sami did something really bad.
Sami's shift was covered.
Sami is never at work.
Sami is literally never at work.
Sami got a text.
Sami got a text and it was from Layla.
Sami worked that night.
Sami was walking around the mall.
Sami wasn't working that night.
Sami was literally so angry.
Sami worked together for another six months after that.
Sami got over it and we started talking again.
Sami certainly doesn't feel bad about it.
Sami has been uploading six videos per week this month.
Layla was wearing a sweater with flowers on it.
Sami will be doing two science videos a week instead of one.
Sami wanted to follow Layla on YouTube.
Sami said he was still single.
Sami told Layla he was still single.
Sami had absolutely no idea.
Sami didn't want to expose anyone.
Sami was working at the bar that night.
Sami went to the area where Layla lived.
Sami would always go there.
Mennad visited Cairo.
Sami can't smoke here.
Sami can't some in this bar.
Sami and Layla are both servers.
Sami decided to walk into the bar.
Sami was wearing a cowboy hat.
Sami sat down right next to me.
Sami wasn't paying much attention to Layla.
Sami was talking about wedding songs.
Layla chose a beautiful wedding song for her wedding.
Layla chose a really sad song for her wedding.
Sami danced with his daughter.
Sami was really mistreated by his father.
Sami went to Layla's wedding.
Layla danced with her dad.
Sami gave other examples.
Sami was the cowboy that was sitting next to Layla.
Sami sat directly next to me.
Sami and Layla were just talking about music.
Sami was chiming in as well.
Sami and Layla were talking about cars and Farid was chiming in as well.
Sami has worked for the best of the best.
Sami is so rude.
Sami offered Layla a drink.
Sami is much better than you.
Sami has done music before.
Sami was talking about his band.
Sami has a band.
Sami and Layla have been married for almost six years.
Sami said marriage was a very touchy subject for him.
Sami didn't see himself getting married.
Sami didn't have anybody in mind.
Sami didn't really spend much time thinking about that.
Sami was profusely apologizing.
Sami didn't do anything crazy.
Sami didn't go into much detail.
Sami felt very bad for Layla.
Sami's ex-wife is married now.
Sami was texting his wife.
Sami was typing something on his cellphone.
Layla was texting her husband.
Sami was trying to show me the picture without showing it to Layla.
Sami was much older than Layla.
Sami doesn't come here often.
Sami is moving back to Cairo in like six days.
Sami was hoping he and Layla could hang out and spend some time together.
Sami is moving in six days.
Sami seems like a great guy.
Sami found Layla very attractive.
Sami came with Layla.
Sami looked so familiar.
Sami has seen Layla before.
Sami saw Layla on TV.
Sami didn't recognize Layla at all.
Sami recognized Layla from that TV show.
Sami's name sounded so familiar.
Sami was on that show.
Sami remembers Farid and his ex-wife.
Sami never contacted that person.
Sami saw Layla all over the tabloids.
Sami was a super nice guy.
Sami will find a great girl some day.
Sami started replaying things that Layla had said to him.
Sami returned the lost dog to its owner.
Sami was interested in hearing that story.
Sami attended college.
Sami had a better option.
Sami's university wasn't too far from his house.
Sami was dating an ex.
Sami lived in an on-campus apartment.
Sami had an apartment to himself.
Sami's apartment was a couple floors down.
Sami stayed in his apartment.
Sami spent the majority of the time at Layla's apartment.
Sami used to eat ice cream every single night.
Sami couldn't fall asleep without ice cream.
Sami used to go to the grocery store every single night.
Sami's campus is downtown.
Sami was driving home from the gym.
Sami had to go there every night.
Sami will come with you.
Sami went to that grocery store.
Sami and Layla are arguing.
Sami found a little dog in his backyard.
Sami lives in a cold area.
Sami is looking for his dog.
Sami was asking about his dog.
Sami has to find this dog's owner.
Sami hasn't seen anyone.
Sami doesn't know anyone.
Sami could be kicked out of his apartment.
Sami didn't want to leave that dog out in the cold.
Sami brought the dog to his own apartment.
Sami bought some food for the dog from the grocery store.
Sami was going up in the elevator.
Sami hid the little dog in his jacket.
Sami's dog slept in the bed with him.
Sami named the dog "Farid."
Sami took the dog to the animal shelter.
Sami spent an entire hour on the phone with Layla.
Sami found a lost dog on the beach.
Sami took the lost do to an animal shelter.
Sami was on the phone with Layla for ever.
Sami's dog is missing.
Sami's dog was found.
Sami was trying to reunite that dog with its owner.
Sami doesn't know where that dog came from.
Sami isn't allowed to have a dog in that on-campus apartment.
Sami was very rednecky.
Sami's cat popped its head out of his jacket.
Sami has a dog in his jacket.
Sami was taking the dog to the animal shelter.
Sami lost his dog a couple of weeks ago.
He dug his own grave.
Sami said that that dog was his.
Sami was about to start crying himself.
Sami was about to start crying.
Sami brought the dog home.
Sami handed that dog to Layla.
Sami's dog was in Layla's arms.
Sami reunited that dog with its owner.
Sami was on his way back.
Sami was on his way back from the gym.
Sami went to a convenience store.
Sami got some snacks from a convenience store.
Sami never takes that door.
Sami took the elevator.
Sami spent the night with Layla's dog.
Sami told me that this was his dog.
Layla was hysterically crying.
Sami was sobbing.
Sami found his dog.
Sami ended up finding his dog.
Sami lived across the street from the grocery store.
Sami can't bring the dog in his on-campus apartment.
Sami put flyers of his lost dog on every single building.
Sami found Layla's dog on a busy road.
Sami and Layla ended up becoming friends on Facebook.
Sami was trying to steal Layla's dog.
Sami said the dog was reunited with his owner.
Sami got his dog back.
Sami's story had a happy ending.
Sami helped reunite a dog with its owner.
Sami did his best.
Sami did his best to help Layla find her lost dog.
Sami vlogged every single night.
Sami is wearing glasses.
Sami has never been here before.
Sami's story is 100% accurate.
Sami's story really happened.
Sami didn't know his grandfather well.
Sami went to his grandfather's funeral.
Sami comes from a family of six kids.
Sami doesn't really know that side of the family very well.
Sami didn't know Layla's kids.
Sami and Layla were the same age.
Sami went to that Christmas party together.
Sami doesn't really know that branch of the family.
Sami's family is really rich.
Sami's family is filthy rich.
Sami felt like it was very important to mention that.
Sami and his siblings got together for the Christmas party.
Sami went to a very big mall in Cairo.
Sami went to a huge mall in Cairo.
Sami got ready for the Christmas party that night.
Sami has never been to that mall.
Sami was shopping in this mall.
Sami went to a Christmas store.
Sami bought Layla a Christmas sweater.
Sami's sweater is the ugliest sweater I have ever seen in my entire life.
Sami rejected this lifestyle.
Sami's grandfather really rejected that lifestyle.
Sami has a picture from that night.
Sami was getting ready for that party.
Sami was ready to go to the party.
Sami was holding a Christmas party.
Sami fell in love with that song.
Sami had so much fun.
Sami has never been to Layla's house.
Sami parked his car and gave his keys to the valet.
Sami wore a very nice sweater.
Sami could feel everyone's eyes on him.
Sami was walking in.
Sami was a relative of ours.
Sami didn't like Layla's sweater.
Sami made his way to the bar.
Sami reached into his wallet and gave the bartender his ID.
Sami barely turned sixteen.
Sami barely made it.
Sami is sixteen as well.
Sami gave the bartender his ID.
Sami didn't know us.
Sami was that annoying person at the party.
Sami loves talking.
Sami walked over to that girl and introduced himself.
Sami was standing in front of Layla.
Sami overheard Layla and Farid talking about that.
Sami dropped out college.
Sami wondered where he was.
Sami overheard Layla and Farid talking about the inheritance.
Sami overhead Layla and Frid talking about the money.
Sami was in a huge living room.
Sami was in Layla's group.
Sami was not born in June.
Sami wasn't born in June.
Sami was standing with Layla's group.
Sami was so loud.
Sami was so loud and everyone was staring at him.
Sami didn't really know anyone else.
Sami loved Layla's voice.
Sami's kids did a song performance.
Sami is ready to go home.
Sami insisted that all of the children take part in this.
Sami is singing a song.
Sami spent the rest of the night with Layla.
Sami just stood in a corner.
Sami knew this branch of the family very well.
Sami didn't want to be rude to his parents.
Sami hasn't been back there since.
Sami didn't like the party.
Sami was at an engagement party.
Sami was at that party and he didn't even know the person who was getting engaged.
Sami is uploading a new video.
Sami was really protective of his friends.
Sami came to Layla's engagement party.
Sami has seen Layla at different parties.
Sami and Layla have never had a conversation.
Layla is an angel.
Sami's Christmas tree is already up.
Sami loves Christmas festivities.
Sami was holding an engagement party for his daughter.
Sami had to bring sixty bucks.
Sami paid his portion.
Sami didn't really know anyone.
Sami is a friend of a friend.
Sami started getting e-mails from Layla.
Sami was planning a surprise for his daugther at her engagement party.
Sami just not that type of person.
Sami isn't going to be able to do that.
Layla will make you lose your mind.
Sami planned a flash mob for Layla's wedding party.
The humidity is killing me.
Sami lives in a gigantic house.
Sami and Layla are having a great time.
Sami drove for several hours.
Sami and Layla were having drinks.
Sami and Layla drank two bottles of rosé.
Sami can spot a douchebag from a mile.
Sami wanted to ask Layla something.
Sami really thinks you're cute.
Sami wasn't into Layla.
Sami couldn't hide it.
Layla called her boyfriend.
Sami was with his friend, Farid.
Sami and Layla sat in a row together.
Sami literally knew no one at the party.
Sami literally knew no one there.
Sami sat next to a couple.
Sami is a social person.
Sami literally knew no one.
Sami was very inebriated.
Sami is very sweet.
Sami sat next to a married couple.
Sami kept trying to get Layla to sign up to Facebook.
Sami appreciated that.
Sami was at that party by himself.
Sami and Layla didn't start dating until six months later.
Sami was having a great time.
Sami was drinking a glass of rosé.
Sami smelt a very unpleasant smell.
Sami noticed the smell.
Sami came back and sat with me.
Sami pooped his pants.
Sami and Layla were joking back and forth about that.
Sami received an e-mail.
Sami got back to the house.
Sami went to the house.
Sami headed back in.
Sami decorated the backyard.
Sami's party was really nice.
Sami was so silly.
Sami was following us around.
Sami didn't make Layla feel unwelcomed.
Sami decided to do it.
Sami congratulated his students.
Sami shat his pants.
Sami and Layla started dancing.
Sami joined the flash mob.
Sami started to drink water.
Sami took an Uber.
Sami has already left the party.
Sami kept following us around everywhere.
Sami told Layla to go away.
Sami wanted to be nice.
Sami and Layla were talking about birthdays.
Sami's birthday was six days after Christmas.
Sami's birthday party was the worst.
Sami's birthday is on Christmas.
Sami likes to celebrate Halloween.
Sami flew off the handle.
Aart made a racist statement in front of me.
Sami was holding a glass of champagne.
Sami poured the glass of champagne on Layla's shoes.
Sami was laughing very loudly.
Sami can take Layla home.
Sami wanted to stay a little bit longer.
Sami ended up getting arrested.
Sami was arrested in his Al Capone costume on Halloween.
Sami uploaded six new videos last week.
Sami made that video to attack Layla.
Sami doesn't want to get in trouble anymore.
Sami is gonna be sixteen years old in two and a half months.
Sami is going to be sixteen years old in two and a half months.
Sami was sixteen when his little brother was born.
Sami saw a message pop up.
Sami had a message pop up. It was from Layla.
Sami looked at the address.
Sami lives in a really nice area of town.
Sami waited outside, in the car.
Sami lives in a gigantic mansion.
Sami is in his mid-to-late sixties.
Sami opened the door to his house.
Sami's house was eerie and dark.
Sami's house was dark.
Sami's house seemed dark.
Sami's house seemed eerie.
Sami was trying to suppress his fear.
Sami needed a job.
Sami showed Layla around his mansion.
Sami was a very social guy.
Sami found that hard to explain.
Sami was just frozen.
Sami couldn't run.
Sami showed Layla his entire house.
Sami had six bedrooms upstairs.
Sami's balcony overlooks the entire backyard.
Sami asked Layla weird questions.
Sami considers himself a free spirit.
Sami was just trying to get a job.
Sami couldn't see any of them.
Sami's windows were closed.
Sami hired people to work at his parties.
Sami married a cocktail waitress.
Sami was interested in working at those parties.
Layla was there for a nannying job interview.
Sami was looking for that.
Sami's kid was watching a movie.
Sami felt stupid.
Sami headed down to the basement.
Sami has an elevator in his mansion.
Sami was in an elevator.
Sami will love Layla's kid.
Sami shouldn't be dumb like me.
Sami was typing a message.
Sami's son was in there, quietly watching a movie.
Sami had a small movie theater in his mansion.
Sami had a huge office in his mansion.
Sami had a huge pool in his mansion.
Sami considered himself an atheist.
Layla had nothing to do with childcare.
Sami contacted Layla on a website.
Sami needed to leave.
Sami opened up the garage door.
Sami ran up the drive way.
Layla told everything to her boyfriend.
Sami will never have to go back there.
Sami died that night.
Sami spent the majority of his life in Egypt.
Sami died in a mass shooting.
Sami and Layla can be friends.
The sadness will go away.
Sami and Layla are new here.
I've lost them.
My brothers' names are Axel, Hatus and Arthur Kalel.
Sami is so good at doing this.
Sami's friends are in jail.
Sami looks like someone I know.
Sami had a job at a restaurant.
Sami had too many memories to share.
Sami downloaded the video for Layla.
Sami still can't believe to this day that this story is true.
Sami was really interested.
Sami worked in the kitchen.
Sami was out of prison.
Sami worked at a bad restaurant.
Sami would never say anything.
Sami hired a new kitchen guy.
Sami stood out to me because he had the same name as my brother.
Sami's manager was coming.
Sami isn't going to be coming in anymore. He has been fired.
Sami is going to prison for like sixteen years.
Sami is never going to say this.
Sami and Layla hung out all the time.
Sami and Layla always ate together.
Sami and Layla always worked together.
Sami and Layla are having so much fun.
Sami and Layla will be working together tomorrow.
Sami was working that day.
Sami's manager hated him.
Sami's father hated us.
Sami hated us.
Sami made it up.
Sami followed a very strict system.
Sami didn't care about the rules back then.
Sami followed a very rigorous system.
Sami was standing at the counter.
Sami was the lookout.
Sami has got to hide anything he is doing.
Sami did this literally every week for like literally a year.
Sami did funny things on Instagram.
Sami did a similar thing.
Sami loved that song.
Sami got in so much trouble.
Sami was screaming out Layla's name.
Sami got so annoyed.
Sami thought it was so funny.
Sami was in tears all the time.
Sami is another server.
Sami is a bit older than Layla.
Sami was a little creepy.
Sami knew Layla and loved her.
Sami didn't show up for work that day.
Sami just quit.
Sami showed up a few days after that.
Sami isn't working.
Sami hasn't shown up for a couple of shifts.
Sami is missing.
Sami said that Layla was missing.
Sami thought Layla was dead.
Sami walked in through the door.
Sami went to jail and didn't tell anyone.
Sami worked with us.
Sami went to jail for a little bit.
Sami had to go away for a little while.
Sami has forgotten Layla's name.
Sami caled Layla "Lily."
Sami called me "Layla."
Sami told Layla that his name wasn't "Farid."
Sami is one of the kitchen guys.
Sami knew her name.
Sami is the most awkward human on the planet.
Sami was maybe sixteen at the time.
Sami made a really bad decision that night.
Sami saw a girl pop up on his Instagram.
Sami can't remember the timeline.
Sami came back to visit Cairo.
Sami has two home provinces: Ontario and British Columbia.
Layla was dating someone.
Sami came back to visit.
Sami stayed at his old apartment.
Sami didn't live there anymore.
Sami drank some cheap drinks.
Sami walked over to the bar.
Sami couldn't even smell it.
Sami went to the bar.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the bar.
Sami came to meet us.
Sami and Layla ordered drinks.
Sami has just freshly turned sixteen.
Sami was hilarious.
Sami wasn't my type.
Layla was bragging about how amazing her boyfriend was.
Layla talked about how her relationship with her boyfriend was so strong.
Sami talked about how he used to live there.
Sami thinks Layla is really cute.
Layla knows that every guy says that.
Sami was talking about the amazing things that he did at work.
Sami's girlfriend was so snarky.
Sami was watching a scary movie.
Sami kept getting closer to me.
Sami was whispering things in my ear.
Layla was annoyed by Sami.
Sami ate breakfast with his dad.
Sami is in a relationship now.
Sami is the happiest man in the world.
Sami didn't take any of this seriously.
Sami was really cute.
Sami and Layla were both single.
Sami gave me his number.
Sami didn't hear back from Layla.
Sami lives in Cairo and Layla lives in Toronto. They are not close to each other.
Sami never heard from Layla again after that.
Sami was moving from Cairo to Alexandria.
Sami said that 2006 was the year of unlucky love for him.
Sami posted a new video on YouTube.
Sami is going to film another video.
Sami posted a little clip on YouTube.
Sami and Layla lived far apart.
Sami and Layla lived a world apart.
Sami and Layla live half a world apart.
Sami was waiting for Layal.
Sami was sitting in the parking lot, waiting for Layla.
Sami was talking about Layla in the video.
Sami forgot Layla's phone number.
Sami forgot Layla's number.
Sami went through his phone contacts and found Layla's number.
Sami started putting two and two together.
Sami is someone who knows Layla.
Sami tells stories about his life on his YouTube channel.
Sami still follows Layla on Snapchat.
Sami unfollowed Layla on Snapchat.
Sami doesn't watch YouTube.
Sami went on Layla's Facebook.
Sami is a brilliant person.
Sami knows Layla's full name.
Sami sent a picture.
Sami immediately wrote to Layla.
Sami was so mortified.
Sami couldn't stop laughing.
Sami's story got jucier.
Sami's story started to get juicy.
Sami was sipping his glass of wine.
Sami is not going to let Layla do that.
Sami isn't going to let Layla do that.
Sami is the "Sami" from Facebook.
Sami still watched Layla's YouTube videos.
Sami met Layla when he was in Cairo.
Sami sent the link to over sixty of his Facebook friends.
Sami is making YouTube videos.
Mennad submitted the story to a local newspaper.
Sami was messaging like sixteen people at one time.
Sami is gonna be so sad.
Sami hid from his friend.
Sami is talking to another girl.
Sami sent Layla questions.
Sami doesn't know many people who do YouTube.
Sami was getting ready to meet his friend for lunch break.
Sami was posting song lyrics on his Facebook page.
Sami doesn't know their names.
Sami went to Layla's work.
Sami has just seen the list.
Sami still has Layla's number.
Sami is gonna come find me and kill me.
Sami is going to come find me and kill me.
Sami still followed Layla on Snapchat.
Sami told stories about his life on his YouTube channel.
Sami doesn't know how Facebook works.
Sami loved Layla so much.
Sami's full name was his Snapchat name as well.
Sami found Layla on Snapchat.
Layla had some sexy pictures on Instagram.
Sami wanted to know what he had to do next.
He went in the opposite direction.
James went in the opposite direction.
Let's not talk about religion, OK?
The coffee's ready.
I value your candor.
Don't you think my nose is beautiful?
I used to feel like that.
I just wanted to say "Hi".
Tom flipped his phone open.
Tom still has a flip phone.
You should never leave your makeup on overnight.
I understand you better than she does.
I understand you better than he does.
I'm the only one who understands you.
I work as a secretary on a farm.
I work in a Welsh school.
I am an unemployed teacher.
I'm a secretary.
I am a Welsh-speaking actor in a theatre.
Bring them something to eat.
Reading and writing in Kabyle has become our duty.
Come to me!
My wife has too much work.
My hope is gone, I do not know where it is.
I did not see or hear anything.
They were active.
I did not sleep until sunrise.
Don't let anybody in.
When it came to boyfriends, she was more interested in beefcake than brains.
He had a beefcake physique that suggested he spent half his life in the gym.
To spice up the design, he added some decorative shapes with a dingbat font.
The head of the cult was a total dingbat with some really crazy beliefs.
These days, it seems that any dingbat who's starred in a couple of films feels qualified to run for President.
I hope you'll get by.
Only a total grinch could object to kids having fun, even if they are making a bit of noise.
The politicians who made these cuts in social welfare must be hard-hearted grinches.
When it comes to Christmas I'm a bit of a Grinch - I can't stand all the present giving and compulsory cheerfulness.
His inflammatory speech could be construed as an act of war.
The new immigration law shouldn't be construed as an excuse not to meet our obligations to genuine refugees.
She could construe irregular Latin verbs without a moment's hesitation.
He had no original ideas of his own - everything was purloined from other writers.
She had a collection of luxurious towels purloined from the world's finest hotels.
He made some money on the side by purloining secrets from his employer and selling them to the competition.
Chinese phone companies are beginning to make serious inroads into the US market.
If the government is serious about making inroads into the backlog of asylum applications, they should allocate additional funding.
She could never find the motivation to make significant inroads into the work piling up in her in-tray.
She had a posh accent, a private education, and a wardrobe of preppy clothes.
She had a posh accent, an expensive private education, and a wardrobe full of preppy clothes.
It was a snobbish club full of preppy airheads.
Don't you have a place to live?
You helped me out.
You've been helping me out.
For tomorrow, I had other plans.
I had other plans for tomorrow.
For tomorrow, I have other plans.
I have other plans for tomorrow.
They all turned their backs on him.
Spend the night with us, and I'll take you in the morning.
Stay the night with us, and I'll take you in the morning.
They are fakes.
They are forged.
They are counterfeit.
They are fake.
Do you have a place to live?
I'll give you two hours to get ready.
I feel that she's here somewhere.
I feel that she's somewhere around here.
Something was hanging on the coat rack.
I didn't know she loved me.
I didn't know that she loved me.
It's not very nice.
It's not very pleasant.
It's not very polite.
I didn't know he liked me.
I didn't know that he liked me.
Observe the speed limits!
Respect the speed limits!
Keep to the speed limits!
Siberia is one of the green lungs of the planet.
We could not agree on anything.
We couldn't agree about anything.
We could not agree about anything.
Do you think I don't know what you and Tom were talking about?
Do you think I don't know why you divorced?
The beginning of the story is interesting.
The start of the story is interesting.
Tom and Mary were on board the Mayflower.
Tom is something of a poet.
Do not laugh at the weak-minded and the disabled.
Don't tell lies to people.
I dreamt I found a million dinars.
Do not be evil.
He is a shepherd, like his father.
He's better than me in everything.
Did you see her often?
You can't even change a nappy.
Tom loves potato crisps.
Layla was Sami's pregnant child.
Who's that cute girl?
I've never heard this word in my village.
When will we travel to France?
Who's that fat man?
We are 5 in my family.
Listen when your teacher is speaking.
Write with the right hand.
Why didn't you go with your mother?
Come on, it'll be fun.
Tom grew up without running water.
Tom is a total beginner.
How about some music?
That's something I try not to think about.
You two go ahead.
What do you guys want to eat?
It's a symbol of friendship.
Tom likes to smile.
Mary likes to smile.
Could you bake a cake like that?
Tom drew a picture of a squirrel.
Tom drew a picture of a squirrel on the cake.
Tom and Mary have nothing in the world except each other.
Tom and Mary had nothing in the world except each other.
He was wearing enormous size 13 clodhoppers.
How do you expect me to turn this clumsy clodhopper into an athlete?
She was such a good dancer she made him feel like a clodhopper.
Tom was harsh and unkind to Mary.
We have just read the book.
We've just read the book.
Tom is fishing.
Tom hummed along.
The elephant is a powerful animal.
Tom hummed along as Mary sang.
I already have a lot of requests.
The summer holidays are over.
I'm half dead.
Your son is a real hero.
My first car was red.
I'm a little hoarse.
We had to think about it first.
Tom hummed along with the song.
Where can it have disappeared to?
There are cherry trees next to the hedge.
I have a sandwich to eat.
Tom cross-examined the witness.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness.
Oswald has a black hamster.
I'm looking for inspiration to create new sentences.
Pedro died after a prolonged illness.
Pedro survived.
At Christmas and Easter the church is packed.
This is a sugar bowl.
I forgot where I put the umbrella.
You were only doing your job.
Whatever it takes!
At any cost!
They are playing together.
Give me some more coffee please.
I like your horse.
I'll show you the town.
Tomorrow we'll go to the mountains.
Please wake me at six am.
Please wake me at six in the morning.
They traveled by boat.
After many sacrifices we have finally reached our goal.
This pillow is softer than the other one.
Is it true that you kissed her?
Is it true that you kissed him?
Is it true that you kissed Mary?
No one understands you like I do.
I'm just trying to understand you.
Tom rested his chin in his hands.
I'll tell you a story tomorrow. I promise.
He was willing to give up everything for her.
Tom was willing to give up everything for Mary.
Isn't that overkill?
Tom is better at this than I am.
You're better at this than I am.
There are many dangers ahead.
Many dangers lie ahead.
Which is the tallest mountain in Europe?
The movie isn't as good as the book.
The first girl I ever kissed was Mary.
The first boy I ever kissed was Tom.
Tom was the first boy I ever kissed.
I like the Catalan language.
I want to learn Breton.
Tomorrow I will apply for the Kurdish course.
Sami baptised his children.
Sami got baptised.
Sami became rich.
Sami is rich now.
Sami will explain.
Sami won six thousand dollars.
Sami was going to one of his cousins' wedding.
Sami loves Layla to death.
Sami and his wife love music.
Sami can't use any of those.
Sami kept waiting.
Sami kept checking.
Sami kept checking the prices.
Sami doesn't make a ton of money.
Sami would do the same for me.
Sami and Layla arrived around the same time.
Sami and Layla left around the same time.
Sami didn't know Egypt was so beautiful.
Sami's flight home was scheduled through Cairo.
Sami was going to travel with his cousin and his friend.
Sami was one of the last people to leave.
Sami was going back to leave.
Sami checked in for his flight.
Sami was talking to a gate agent.
Sami argued with the gate agent.
Sami was arguing with the gate agent.
Sami had a very heavy bag.
Sami checked his bags.
Sami's bag was super heavy.
Sami didn't have his laptop.
Sami checked his bag.
Sami was checking his bag.
Sami was looking for volunteers.
Sami was interested in volunteering.
Sami needs to get home.
Sami used to travel a lot.
Sami would always do it.
Sami gave up his seat.
Sami heard his dad's voice.
Sami's flight is not leaving until tomorrow morning.
Sami is flying back with his cousin.
Sami doesn't have a bag.
Sami was sitting at the gate, waiting to board the plane.
Sami gave up his seat on that flight.
Sami was assigned a seat on that plane.
Sami's friends started to show up.
Sami came to the front.
Sami just wanted to leave.
Sami jumped up out of his seat.
Sami is not coming tomorrow.
Sami was watching Layla's dog.
Sami just got married yesterday.
Sami is coming to stay with us for the night.
Sami hung up with them.
Sami was rich.
Sami was talking to the gate agent.
Sami can't buy that bag.
Sami couldn't get his bag back.
Sami came to pick me up.
Sami had the best night in his life.
Sami and Layla talked about the wedding.
Sami drank beer by the pool.
Sami drank beer.
Sami was sitting by the pool.
Sami was standing by the pool.
Sami said goodbye.
Sami didn't have to check his bags.
Sami gave up his seat again.
Sami really needs to go home.
Sami is wearing the same things as yesterday.
Sami isn't going to say anything.
Sami will let you know.
Sami hasn't checked in yet.
Sami was given two drink tickets.
Sami got a thousand-dollar flight voucher.
Sami hasn't shown up.
Sami was reaching into his pocket.
Tom will let you know.
Sami had two drinks on that flight.
Sami didn't see Layla's last video.
Sami was very ill.
Sami wanted to do that video.
Sami was interested in seeing that video.
Sami is not going to lie.
Sami isn't going to lie.
Sami was in the mood to do something fun.
Sami is getting older.
Sami lived in Ontario.
Sami was in the mood to have a really wild crazy evening.
Sami and Layla got together for Christmas.
Sami was known to go out.
Sami never goes to bars.
Sami was in the mood to do that.
Sami had six drinks.
Sami went to a bar.
Sami doesn't want to offend anyone.
Sami got in an Uber.
Sami hopped in an Uber.
Sami doesn't want to be alone.
Sami was still out by midnight.
Sami stopped at the place he was supposed to stop.
Sami was looking for an Uber.
Sami was waiting in a huge line.
Sami got in line.
Sami is waiting in line.
Sami doesn't know who that is.
Sami paid sixty dollars.
Sami will pay for it later.
Laughs best who laughs last.
Sami waited for like fifteen minutes.
Sami and Layla celebrated the New Year's countdown at a bar.
Sami was just standing there, trying to kill time.
Sami is very friendly.
Layla has just finished her hair.
Sami was checking ID's.
Sami was a bouncer.
Sami was the bouncer and he was checking ID's.
Sami celebrated the New Year with Layla.
Sami celebrated the New Year at a bar.
Sami is paying cash.
Sami didn't even think about that.
Sami doesn't have cash.
Sami doesn't have cash on him.
Sami was taking cash.
Sami paid cash to get in.
Sami paid cash to get into the bar.
Sami got his car ready.
Sami worked at the register.
Sami was so confused.
Sami's manager came up.
Sami can't hear Layla because the music is so loud.
Sami shouldn't look down.
Sami went to his friends.
Sami didn't pay them.
Sami paid sixty dollars to get into that bar.
Sami was letting everyone in.
Sami was in front of Layla.
Sami is in front of Layla.
Sami kept checking his phone every minute.
Sami had another friend who was bartending.
Sami gave Layla a glass of champagne.
Sami was the bartender.
Layla is a grandma.
Layla is an old lady.
Sami drank some wine and threw up the whole night.
Sami wanted another round.
Sami and Layla wanted another round.
Sami was drinking his drink.
Sami took his sixth shot.
Sami was waiting for the countdown.
Sami bought a bunch of balloons.
Sami pulled the string down.
Sami was just staring.
Sami felt really bad for them.
Sami paid a lot of money for that.
Sami finished his glass of champagne.
Sami bought Layla a shot.
Sami pretended he was taking his shot.
Sami didn't buy Layla another shot.
Sami was surrounded by drunk people.
Sami and Layla were screaming at each other.
Sami doesn't go out.
Sami didn't go out.
Sami went to a house party.
Sami is having a party at his place.
Sami is just too old.
Sami had something to do in the morning.
Sami has totally forgotten.
Sami needed to go home.
Sami took an Uber home.
Sami closed the app.
Sami closed the app and reopened it.
Sami just wanted to get home.
Sami took a sixty-dollar Uber ride home.
Sami hopes Layla is happy.
Sami is already in his pyjamas.
Sami wanted to know more about Layla's daily life.
Sami and Layla were reminiscing on that time.
One more step and you're dead!
Come on, Ali, don't be silly.
Sami died in a snowstorm.
Sami was contacted by Al-Jazeera.
Sami was working at a restaurant in Cairo.
Sami likes snow.
Sami lived there at the time.
Sami said it didn't often snow like that.
Sami drove a salt truck.
Sami couldn't go to school because roads were closed down.
Sami couldn't go to school because of the snowstorm.
Sami can't remember if he talked about this or not.
Sami lived in a small town.
Sami didn't take this route to work.
Sami was giving updates on the weather.
Sami's restaurant was in the mall.
Sami can access the restaurant from the mall.
Sami said the mall was closed.
Sami's restaurant was in the mall but it had its own entrance.
Sami was in a cul-de-sac.
Sami couldn't get out of his neighborhood.
Sami's restaurant was still open.
Sami was there by himself.
Sami has a shovel.
Sami delivered Layla her pizza.
Sami was working underneath the house.
Sami ordered the pizza.
Sami and Layla were shoveling the path.
Sami was stranded in the snow.
Sami needs to come.
Sami needs to come in today.
Sami said the entire mall was closed.
Sami picked Layla up and they were on their way to work.
Sami and Layla were on their way to work.
Sami came to get me.
Sami asked for the name of the general manager.
Sami wants to know where this place is.
Sami's restaurant stayed open.
Sami got stranded in the snow.
Sami is from Ontario and drives in the snow all the time.
Sami hired one cook.
Sami kept the doors locked and pretended he was closed.
Sami makes sixty dollars an hour.
Sami drove around the mall.
Sami's car ran off the road and got stuck.
Sami was looking through the windows.
Sami doesn't need to risk his life.
Sami wanted to eat at a restaurant.
Sami tried to get into the store but the door was locked.
Sami stayed open.
Sami's store stayed open.
Sami unlocked the doors.
Sami pretended that he was busy.
Sami is not working.
Sami was stuck in a gigantic snowstorm.
Sami had no customers that day.
Sami hired a new bartender.
Sami was standing and talking.
Sami was about to explode.
Layla was the only woman there.
Sami said it so rude.
Sami was walking away.
Sami was back there.
Sami is not even getting paid for this.
Sami was driving me home.
Sami checked that Facebook post again.
Sami had so many private messages.
Sami is going to take care of you.
Sami has just seen your post.
Sami would love to help you in any way he can.
Sami doesn't want to be on the news.
Sami's restaurant is going to be open.
Sami's restaurant was the only business open at the mall.
Sami shouldn't take Layla too seriously.
Sami subscribed to my YouTube channel.
Sami got robbed.
Sami wanted to know more about that job.
Sami has got a lot of stories.
Sami told us a funny story.
Sami kept watching Layla's video.
Sami was the bar manager.
Sami moved to another place.
Sami was having a really bad night.
Sami is working there now.
Sami was the person that hired me.
Sami started working there in June.
Sami was bossing Layla around.
Sami and Layla went to a bar.
Sami is going to leave.
Sami didn't want Layla to leave.
Sami doesn't want Layla to leave.
Sami was making out with Layla.
Sami was bossing Layla around the entire night.
Sami was sucking face with Layla.
Sami was waiting for a cab to come get him and it never did.
Sami and Layla were too drunk to drive home.
Sami was waiting for a cab.
Sami was waiting for a cab to come get him.
Sami was waiting for a cab to come pick him up.
Sami took a dump.
Sami takes a dump every morning.
Sami is my favorite person in the entire world.
Sami does a lot of things.
Sami didn't like you.
Sami was very easily manipulated.
Sami worked at different restaurants.
Sami would be surprised.
Sami's restaurant was always in shambles.
Sami talked to us.
Sami told me everything.
Sami had sixty pieces of silverware to roll.
Sami taught Layla how to roll the silverware.
Sami learned how to roll the silverware.
Sami needs to roll the silverware.
Sami is going to get fired.
Sami didn't have any silverware.
Sami needs to roll the silverware before he leaves.
Sami needs to roll the silverware before he gets off work.
Sami's kids are my worst nightmare.
Sami remembered asking Layal.
Sami went to get me a Starbucks.
Sami sent Layla to get him a Starbucks.
Sami paid his co-workers to work for him.
Sami pays his co-workers to work shifts for him.
Sami pays his co-workers to work his shifts for him.
Sami hated Layla right away.
Sami is a normal good person.
Sami pretended he was a customer.
Sami has been working here since June.
Sami is a bit older.
Layla is a hostess.
Sami always talked about money.
Sami stole money from people's wallets.
Sami's cash is gone.
Sami didn't have cameras in his restaurant.
Layla's husband was in prison.
Sami started an affair with another cook.
Sami thought he was safe.
Sami came back at the end of his shift.
Sami was trying real hard to find ways to catch the robber.
Sami has been robbed.
Sami got in a car accident.
Sami was driving to the bank.
Sami deposited all the cash at the bank.
Sami goes to the bank every week.
Sami got out of his car.
Sami's car was surrounded by people.
Sami gave Layla the bag.
Sami knew that the bag was in there.
Sami sent Layla to the bank.
Sami knew Layla had a bag.
Sami knew Layla had a bag with money.
Sami only stole the bag with the money.
Layla is the woman Sami was having an affair with.
Sami was the guy Layla was having an affair with.
Sami wanted to see more videos.
Sami is vlogging his life.
Sami will tell you the story.
Sami doesn't live at the airport.
Sami's first flight was from Toronto to Cairo.
Sami's first flight was from Toronto, Canada, to Cairo, Egypt.
Sami can still make it.
Sami's flight landed in Cairo.
Sami was going to have to wait for longer.
Sami's flight was going to leave in six minutes.
Sami is going to miss his flight.
Sami has six minutes.
Sami was waiting for the doctor.
Sami always has medical issues.
Sami got off the plane.
Sami couldn't get off the plane earlier.
Sami got off the plane last.
Sami's flight leaves in six minutes.
Sami's plane landed in terminal six.
Sami needs to get from terminal one to terminal six in ten minutes.
Sami is in one of the largest airports in the world.
Sami did that before he boarded.
Sami's plane was boarding.
Sami lost all hope.
Sami didn't even know what gate his flight was at.
Sami worked at the airport.
Sami can walk.
Sami is running.
Sami ran all the way across that airport.
Sami was running through the airport.
Sami was running with a backpack.
Sami ran as fast as he could.
Sami was running fast.
Sami was close.
Sami's plane is leaving in six minutes.
Sami needed to keep running.
Sami has six minutes to get there.
Sami walked out onto the tarmac.
Sami's flight is supposed to leave in six minutes.
Sami was full-on sprinting.
Sami was sprinting with a backpack.
Sami ran up to Layla.
Sami was at the counter.
Sami asked Layla later.
Sami was checking the tickets.
Sami shut the door for good.
Sami came around the corner.
Sami got on that plane.
Sami was sweating and felt disgusting.
Sami was so proud.
Sami made it on the plane.
Sami is still in Cairo.
Sami's luggage is still in Cairo.
Sami is still wearing the same shirt.
Sami felt disgusting.
Sami tried to follow Layla home.
Sami's neighbor was a sexual predator.
Sami doesn't know how to subscribe.
Sami was in middle school at the time.
Sami has just moved to a new neighborhood.
Sami was waiting for the bus on the opposite side of the street.
Sami was only in sixth grade.
Sami didn't want Layla to cross the street.
Sami could be hit by cars.
Sami has just moved into his new place.
Sami has just moved into his new house.
Sami already knew those people.
Sami was walking to his bus stop.
Sami was an old black man.
Sami was standing at the mailbox, getting his mail.
Sami was on his way to school.
Sami was a kid at the time.
Sami was super social.
Sami is very social.
Sami became a very introverted kid.
Sami didn't trust people.
Sami doesn't trust strangers.
Sami has never seen Layla.
Sami was coming home from school.
Sami is coming home from school.
Sami lives in a condo.
Sami is the owner of the condo.
Sami was walking home by himself.
Sami's house was closer to the school.
Sami felt somebody behind him.
Sami saw a man with a dog.
Sami turned around and saw a man with a dog.
Sami didn't chase Layla.
Sami was outside, walking his dog.
Sami said it like that.
Sami didn't touch the girl.
Sami didn't ask Layla if she wanted to go anywhere with him.
Sami said it was a misunderstanding.
Sami stopped seeing Layla for a little way.
Sami was going to that bus stop.
Sami was across the street, walking his dog.
Sami is a creepy guy.
Sami is across the street.
Sami didn't see Layla after that.
Sami didn't have his dog. He was just walking by himself.
Sami a lady to walk him home.
Sami was freaked out by that old guy.
Sami was still following us.
Sami was walking Layla home.
Sami was walking around in circles.
Sami was getting freaked out.
Sami is bigger than us.
Sami doesn't have any weapons on him.
Sami went home after that.
Sami told his mom about that incident again.
Sami is a sex offender.
Sami was the only black kid that lived in the whole neighborhood.
Sami owned a condo.
Sami's picture popped up on a sex offender website.
Sami was a sex offender.
Sami did what he wanted to do.
Sami's mom couldn't drive him to work.
Sami can't do this now.
Sami is a sex offender and he should not be around children.
Sami was caught in the act of doing something.
Sami printed out the picture.
Sami followed me around the neighborhood.
Sami was usually the first person at the bus stop.
Sami walked up to the bus stop.
Sami was chilling at the bus stop.
Sami and Layla were just chilling at the bus stop.
Sami walked with the kids.
Sami was just standing there, staring.
Sami started walking towards Layla's apartment.
Sami is going to handle this himself.
Sami wanted to handle this himself.
Sami went to the property manager.
Sami talked to the property manager.
Sami wanted to talk to the owner of the property.
Sami shouldn't be around children.
Sami is a sex offender and it's a violation for him to be around children.
Sami was really sick.
Sami had a sixteen year old girlfriend.
Sami isn't supposed to be around kids.
Sami isn't supposed to be around children.
Sami is a sex offender and isn't supposed to be around kids.
Sami is a sex offender and isn't supposed to be around children.
Sami was doing some creepy shit.
Sami should have called the police instead of me.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the bus stop.
Sami was a confirmed risk to our community.
Sami does this shit all the time.
Sami has filmed this.
Sami's video is sponsored.
Sami doesn't believe in it.
Sami heard his dog crying.
Sami ruined his hair.
Layla has Brazilian curly hair.
Sami loves the curl patterns of Layla's hair.
Sami doesn't have any gel.
Sami was a sophomore in high school.
Sami moved to my neighborhood.
Sami and Layla were both very similar.
Sami was very simple.
Sami was super simple.
Layla thought she was the trendiest bitch on the planet.
Sami was into drinking.
Sami was into smoking.
Sami was into smoking weed.
Sami wanted to skip school.
Sami is gonna skip school.
Sami is going to skip school.
Sami skipped school first.
Sami missed the bus and he can't go to school.
Sami wasn't at school.
Sami wanted to skip school, too.
Sami leaves way before Layla leaves.
Sami knew he could get away with it.
Sami saw the bus coming.
Sami hid behind some bushes.
Sami's bar was right in front of Layla's house.
Sami's bus left at around six a.m.
Sami was sitting at the bar which was facing Layla's house.
Sami and Layla were hanging out at the gazebo.
Sami had a gazebo in his backyard.
Sami and Layla sat at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla were talking at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla chilled at the gazebo.
Sami got in the car and left.
Sami snuck out before Layla.
Sami ruined Layla's plan.
Sami went in the house.
Sami forgot some folders at home.
Sami never forgets something.
Sami never forgot anything.
Sami was on the computer.
Sami and Layla were talking all day.
Sami lives in his parents' apartment.
Sami came home from school at six.
Sami skipped school again.
Sami was sitting in the house.
Sami and his twin sisters came home.
Sami and Layla pretended like nothing ever happened.
Sami went to school today.
Sami was doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing.
Sami was giving himself away.
Sami was very punctual.
Sami was talking about what happened at school that day.
Sami and Layla started smoking weed.
Sami wasn't a stoner.
Sami started experimenting with smoking weed.
Sami and Layla met at the gazebo.
Sami went to the gazebo and sat there.
Sami couldn't see us.
Sami's heart was beating so heart.
Sami was shitting himself.
Sami is caught.
Sami definitely saw us.
Sami heard the sliding door close.
Sami heard the glass door open.
Sami and Layla got in the car and left.
Sami and Layla were just sitting there and waiting.
Sami just sat in the car.
Sami came back into his drive way.
Sami thinks he's caught.
Sami thinks he's in trouble.
Sami thinks he is caught.
Sami thinks he is in trouble.
Sami is going to die today.
Sami drove us to school.
Sami waited for like thirty minutes.
Sami didn't go back into Layla's house.
Sami and Layla found a spot to smoke weed at.
Sami and Layla don't do shit like that.
Sami let me and Layla know about that.
Sami built a gazebo in his backyard.
Sami knows what Layla did.
Sami knows what Layla does.
Sami had to have seen us that day.
Sami and Layla were smoking at the gazebo.
Sami and Layla never skipped school again.
Sami and Layla were drinking tea at the gazebo.
Sami skipped school so many times.
Sami did skip school after that.
Sami went to the gazebo.
Sami skipped school and never got caught.
Sami skipped school and got caught.
In Algeria, people know a lot of languages.
As Arabic, Hebrew is written from right to left.
What food do you like most?
Sami found this really funny.
Sami can see my face all the time.
Sami was trying to fix that.
Sami should follow Layla on Instagram.
Sami is there most of the time.
Sami kept watching the movie.
Sami got dumped.
Sami dumped his girlfriend.
Sami got dumped by Layla.
Sami was that new boy that moved to town.
Sami moved to our school.
Sami loved Layla's Southern accent.
Sami played baseball.
Sami and Layla danced to the Titanic song.
Sami was Layla's neighbor.
Sami was trying to be respectful.
Sami was just trying to be respectful.
Sami dumped Layla for Salima.
Sami prepared a meal for Layla.
Sami was waiting for his girlfriend.
Sami embarrassed Layla in front of all her girlfriend.
Sami was Layla's Southern sweetheart. They were both from Alabama.
Layla was crying for the entire lunch break.
Sami wanted Layla to feel the pain that he had felt.
Sami was ruining Layla's day.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla since elementary school.
Sami started daring Layla.
Sami and Layla literally never spoke.
Sami and Layla never interacted with each other.
Sami and Layla sometimes talked on the phone.
Sami wanted to hold Layla's hand on the playground.
Sami didn't want to hold Layla's hand.
Sami didn't want to interact with Layla.
Sami talked to Layla after recess.
Sami smelt like metal.
Sami grabbed Layla's hand without any warning.
Sami wasn't ready for that step.
Sami moved to town.
Sami isn't going to do this.
Sami is done with Layla.
Sami was rejecting Layla's calls.
Layla didn't want to be Sami's girlfriend for Valentine's day.
Sami was probably cheating on Layla in high school.
Layla had a Valentine.
Sami isn't going to go down like this.
Sami got dumped in college.
Sami was in so much trouble for this.
Sami was so excited to be doing this.
Sami was watching Barney in his spare time.
Sami can't remember what song he sang that day.
Sami was so mean in elementary school.
Sami is pretty sure this is how it happened.
Sami auditioned for the part and he got it.
Layla was such an evil little girl.
Sami is the real Zorro and Farid is his backup.
Sami is the main Zorro in the movie and Farid is his backup.
Sami has been looking for that book.
Sami tells us funny stories of things that happened to him.
Sami is in middle school.
Sami is still in middle school.
Sami was absolutely in love with his next door neighbor.
Sami played the trumpet in the band.
Sami started sixth grade.
Sami was desperately in love with Layla.
Sami is swimming in the pool.
Sami performed a beautiful rendition of a Michael Jackson song.
Sami can walk there.
Sami can walk there and he doesn't need a ride.
Sami was walking every day to school with his new girlfriend.
Sami and Layla walked to school together.
In summer, it is hot.
Layla is a pretty talkative girl.
Sami was super shy.
Sami was very quiet.
Sami wand Layla walked to school together.
In winter, it snows a lot.
Sami didn't have an ounce of feelings for Layla.
Sami probably didn't have an ounce of feelings for Layla.
Sami's parents drove him to school.
Sami's father was a musician.
Sami played the CD.
Sami knew all the words of the song.
Sami wants to impress Layla.
Sami is walking home.
Sami started dating Layla a couple of weeks into the school year.
Sami did it on purpose.
Sami made matters worse.
Sami's dad drove him back to school.
Sami was blaring the music.
Sami was blaring that song.
Sami was dancing to that song.
Sami wanted to go to another planet.
Layla ended up getting herself a little boyfriend.
Sami and Layla ended up talking.
Sami and Layla talked the entire way to school.
Sami's story is not funny.
Aart's racist stories are not funny.
Aart's racist comments are not funny.
Aart's racist stories aren't funny.
Aart's racist comments aren't funny.
Sami was standing right here.
Sami was on the very edge.
Sami passed Layla's house.
Sami started screaming so loud.
Sami's neck was bleeding.
Sami just got shot.
Sami thinks he just got shot.
Sami's windows were open.
Sami ran in.
Sami got shot.
The sun rises from the east and sets in the west.
Sami ran into the house.
Sami is screaming in pain.
Sami ended up going home.
Sami heard his name over the intercom.
Sami shot Layla with a BB gun.
Sami was walking there.
Sami and Layla gave separate accounts.
Sami shot at us with a BB gun.
Sami is going to be arrested.
Sami's friend just got shot.
Sami gave Layla a BB gun.
Sami moved to Cairo, Egypt.
Sami can't remember when this happened.
Sami was a super cutie.
Sami and Layla had classes together.
Layla used to get sick of boys so quickly.
Sami didn't feel it.
Sami will call that number.
Sami was riding the bus every day with Layla.
Sami met Layla a week before Valentine's Day.
Sami couldn't go hang out with Layla.
Sami couldn't talk on the phone.
Sami couldn't talk on the phone with Layla.
Sami dumped Layla on Valentine's Day.
Sami gave Layla presents.
Sami needed to write Layla a note.
Sami wrote Layla a note and left it in her locker.
Sami showed up at school.
Sami bought a teddy bear for Layla.
Sami hated me in middle school.
Sami and Layla didn't speak for years.
Sami was an evil person.
Sami briefly mentioned that he was in a relationship with Layla.
Sami's story backfired on him.
Sami's lies backfired on him.
Sami thinks it's hilarious.
Sami was slandering Layla's name.
Sami was interested in hearing the story.
Sami started from the beginning.
See you next year!
Sami met Layla through a mutual friend and they hit it off.
Sami and Layla have been through a lot.
Sami turned sixteen when he was dating Layla.
Sami dated Layla for a good solid year.
Sami and Layla said "I love you" to each other within six days of dating.
Sami was super cool to me.
Sami was really impressed.
Sami wasn't really impressed.
Sami told Layla "I love you" within like a week.
Sami made Layla feel less feminine.
Sami was partying.
Sami and Layla have been dating for a few months.
Sami was planning something special for Layla.
Layla cried herself to sleep.
Sami went to work on April fool's day.
Sami forgot it was April fool's day.
Sami got a text on his phone from his girlfriend.
Sami texted his girlfriend back.
Sami's joke really hurt Layla.
Sami was hanging up the phone.
Sami phoned his mom.
Sami and Layla hit their year mark.
Layla really loves this person.
Sami never said "I love you."
Sami talked Layla out of it.
Sami and Layla were hanging out that night.
Sami got really drunk.
Sami's family are really big partiers.
Sami was always drinking.
Sami was riding home.
Sami was crying in the car.
Sami was replaying it in his head over and over again.
Sami wasted six years of his life dating Layal.
Sami knows that Layla loves him.
Sami doesn't remember what he said in the car.
Sami encouraged Layla a little bit.
Sami worships the ground Layla walks on.
Sami thinks he is in love with Layla.
Sami has been in live with Layla since they started dating.
Layla has never been with a guy for over a year.
Sami doesn't want to waste his time.
Sami wants Layla to love him.
Sami doesn't know what love is.
Sami likes spending time with Layla.
Sami's relationship with Layla didn't last long after that.
Sami went to a basketball game.
Sami was just a floppy gummy drunk mess.
Sami didn't deserve Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to give him a chance to prove himself because he loved her.
Sami was going to dump Layla.
Sami can't put up with Layla's bullshitting.
Sami can't put up with Layla's BS.
Sami doesn't respect Layla's feelings.
Sami knows he deserves better than this.
Sami is not the person for Layla.
Sami cheat on Layla.
Sami got out of that relationship.
Sami and Layla's relationship was so toxic.
Sami had a lot of love to give.
Sami needs to move on.
Sami was laughing at himself.
He invited her to his wedding party.
I got it!
Sami is going to see it.
Sami said this before.
Sami just doesn't care anymore.
Sami finds this very confusing.
Sami's behavior isn't normal.
Sami's behaviour isn't normal.
Sami stopped doing that.
Sami missed the first bus.
Sami started working at this job.
Sami started working at a restaurant.
Sami was really rude about this.
Sami was just living his life.
Sami had a girlfriend that worked with us.
Sami and Layla are really cute together.
Sami and Layla hung out with the group.
Sami and Layla were a very cute couple.
Sami let his guard down.
Sami was such a sweet loving boyfriend to Layla.
Sami was a little brat.
Layla started dating a guy that she worked with.
Sami was horrible to Layla.
Sami became friends with Layla's boyfriend.
Sami told Layla to run away.
Sami would house parties at his house all the time.
Sami was staying at home.
Layla doesn't have a boyfriend anymore.
Sami was literally devastated.
Sami took the breakup so hard.
Sami was just sobbing.
Sami became obsessed with his weight.
Sami became obsessed with his image.
Sami didn't like to talk about it a lot.
Sami became a self-centered douchy guy.
Layla was dating a guy long distance.
Sami had something to say about it.
Sami wondered why Layla was dating Farid.
Sami is dating Layla because he likes her.
Sami works for me.
Sami and Layla have started to drift apart.
Sami was walking around the building.
Sami was so shallow.
Sami moved out of the state temporarily.
Sami moved back to his hometown.
Sami hasn't seen Layla in forever.
Sami was just jealous of this other guy.
Sami would text Layla constantly.
Sami was really flirtatious.
Sami went to his favorite sushi place.
Sami and Layla went to their favorite restaurant.
Sami and Layla were catching up about everything.
Sami looked like he had lost weight.
Sami should keep doing that.
Sami told Layla about his trip.
Sami met a girl when he was on vacation.
Layla was literally perfect.
Sami misinterpreted it.
Layla is usually the last person to know when someone has feelings for her.
Sami has met new people on vacation.
Sami has met new friends on vacation.
Layla's boobs are amazing.
Sami's body is amazing.
Sami found this really confusing.
Sami and Layla were flirting.
Sami was glad Layla was back.
Sami really liked Layla's body.
Sami's body is so athletic.
Sami has so many pictures of Layla.
Sami showed Layla some nudes.
Sami wanted Layla to see Salima.
Sami was showing Layla Salima's nudes.
Sami found this so disgusting.
Sami shouldn't show this to Layla.
Sami was so ready to get out of there.
Sami left his wallet in his car.
Sami has cash right here.
Sami left and Layla never saw him again.
Sami deleted Layla on everything.
Sami hated Emma for her racist comments.
Sami hated Layla for her homophobic comments.
Sami doesn't deserve Layla's love.
Sami doesn't deserve this happiness.
Sami was glad Layla was out of his life.
Sami doesn't want to miss Layla's videos.
Sami told us another crazy story.
Sami has a Facebook account.
Sami talked about dating.
Sami has many dating stories.
Sami knows you're already here.
Sami has an amazing website.
Sami is an Amazon junkie.
Sami went on the website and logged in.
Sami didn't buy this sweater through Amazon.
Sami went to the website.
Sami squished the mosquito.
Sami was very reckless and stupid.
Sami was a bad boy.
Sami mentioned this in one of his videos.
Sami was with someone else.
Sami and Layla were co-workers.
Sami and Layla were making out.
Sami was talking about his ex.
Sami never stopped talking about his ex.
Sami and Layla were together for years.
Sami and Layla were really close.
Sami found out that Layla had another boyfriend.
Sami was just so naive.
Sami shouldn't talk about that much.
Sami finds this really sad.
Sami was at Layla's place, drinking.
Sami was driving Layla home.
Sami was searching through Layla's iPod.
Sami wanted to play that song.
Sami wants to play that song right now.
Sami was singing every word at the top of his lungs.
Sami dedicated this song to Layla.
Sami was crying about his ex-girlfriend.
Sami started being interested in someone else.
Sami has been seeing a girl from work.
Sami doesn't know how to say this.
Sami has been seeing another girl.
Layla has been seeing someone else.
Sami doesn't know how to say this in Arabic.
Sami used to say this quote.
Sami was happy for Layla.
Sami and Layla were so friends.
Sami was the guy Layla was dating at the time.
Sami said: "I love you."
Sami did love Layla.
Sami doesn't feel OK.
Sami is still in his sixties.
Sami never said it to me.
Sami never said this to Layla.
Sami clicked on a random video.
Sami clicked on a random link.
Sami said this at the end of his video.
Sami should stay right where he is.
Sami was probably sixteen when he first met Layla.
Sami finds this really boring.
Sami met Layla through a friend of a friend in high school.
Sami knew girls from another high school.
Layla thought Sami was super cute.
Sami has never talked about this.
Sami never talked about that.
Sami had a few penpals.
Sami sent Layla a letter.
Sami was really unhappy about it.
Sami and Layla were planning on their children's names.
Sami and Layla started messaging on Myspace.
Sami and Layla had a very flirtatious relationship.
Sami and Layla were perfect for each other.
Sami and Layla have known each other for six years.
Sami and Layla haven't seen this.
Sami went through this.
Sami was single intentionally.
Sami started messaging Layla again.
Sami was always like that.
Sami moved out of state to be with Layla.
Sami held the phone.
Sami moved somewhere to be with his girlfriend.
Sami was so romantic.
Sami started talkig about what was going on with him.
Sami hated moving.
Sami moves so often.
Sami and Layla had a failed relationship.
Sami told this to his doctor.
Sami wanted to stay single.
Sami focused so much on this.
Sami never had this problem.
Sami didn't talk to Layla for like six years.
Sami is there and he's listening.
Sami is there and he is listening.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla in like six years.
Sami never responded to that last message.
Sami never received that last message.
Sami never read that last message.
Sami never saw that last message.
Sami wanted to take Layla out.
Sami has changed a lot in six years.
Sami talked about his exes very frequently.
Sami and Layla had a romantic relationship.
Sami and Layla finally met up.
Sami says this happened later but he doesn't remember how much later.
Sami's phone died.
Sami didn't read the whole message.
Sami called his best friend.
Sami looked Layla up on Facebook.
Sami was the light of Layla's life.
Layla didn't know Sami had a girlfriend.
Sami wanted to make this happen.
Sami hasn't talked to Layla since.
Sami shouldn't go anywhere yet.
Sami is so nervous.
Sami was so nervous and he didn't know why.
Sami loves Layla's entertaining videos.
Tom dreamed that he was dreaming.
Tom dreamed that Mary had abandoned him.
Sami has had a lot of time to process everything.
Sami didn't really want to talk about this.
Sami's story may help other people.
Sami experienced this phenomenon.
Layla was in a relationship with this person.
Sami has just gotten out of a relationship.
Sami didn't know where he wanted to live.
Layla wanted to have a boyfriend.
Sami lived in Egypt with his mom.
He was teasing her.
Layla had a boyfriend.
Sami and Farid were the best of friends.
Sami finished high school.
Sami never saw anything.
Tom dreamed that Mary had left him.
Sami went to Egypt six times that year.
Sami and Layla started texting back and forth.
Sami and Layla had plans to meet up.
Sami and Layla were tired all the time.
Sami told Layla that he was falling for her.
Sami and Farid were best friends again.
Sami and Layla would watch movies together.
Sami was falling for Layla.
Sami would tell Layla that all the time.
Sami and Layla got really, really close.
Sami was falling for me.
Sami has been in love with Layla since he was sixteen.
Sami never stopped being in love with Layla.
Layla was Sami's dream girl.
Sami is gonna make Layla his.
Sami is going to make Layla his.
Layla is amazing.
Sami and Layla had a kid.
Sami's kid and Layla became very close.
Layla fell for Sami's kid.
Sami was obsessed with Layla's kids.
Sami and Layla were around each other all the time.
Sami and Layla just picked up just where they left off.
Sami went to pick up Layla's son from school.
Sami waited in the car.
Sami drew a little car.
What did you dream?
Sami didn't see his mom very much.
Sami loved Layla's kids so much.
Layla is always so fashionable.
I'm sure he's sleeping soundly.
I'm sure they're sleeping soundly.
I'm sure she's sleeping soundly.
Layla wanted to move on and find someone else.
Sami isn't into this.
Sami was showering Layla with affection.
Sami and Layla were playing hide and seek.
Sami was secretly on the phone with someone.
Sami has been cheated on before.
Sami had that feeling.
Sami sent Layla romantic novels through texts.
Sami's texts were romantic novels.
Sami's alarm kept going off.
Sami's alarm went off.
Sami is not interested in her.
Sami isn't interested in her.
Sami filled out some paperwork.
Sami was a parent to me.
Sami and Layla were sitting on the couch, watching a show.
Sami and Layla are going to hang out tomorrow.
Sami wants to see Layla tomorrow.
Sami and Layla will see each other tomorrow.
Sami and Layla were play-fighting.
Sami was trying to leave but Layla kept pulling him back and kissing him.
Sami didn't have a good morning text from Layla.
Tom handed his keys to the valet.
Tom handed his keys to the parking attendant.
Sami and Layla were texting around the clock.
Sami texted Layla "good morning."
Sami said that something was weird.
Sami was texting Layla throughout dinner.
Sami dropped by Layla's house.
This restaurant has valet parking.
Layla was Sami's fiancee at the time.
Sami and Layla are having a baby today.
Sami said something was really wrong.
Sami called Layla to make sure everything was OK.
Sami tried calling Layla's mom.
Sami was active on Facebook.
Sami knocked on the door and there was no response.
Sami never heard from her again.
Layla was falling in love for this person.
Sami went through the worst breakup of his life.
Layla was crying because she saw Sami so upset.
Sami never heard from that guy again.
Sami is just not feeling this anymore.
Sami is no longer in love with Layla.
Sami needed months to adjust to this.
Sami was literally heartbroken.
Sami was heartbroken.
Sami got himself in such a horrible situation.
Sami got used to this.
Sami used to text Layla emojis.
Sami and Layla texted each other emojis.
Sami controls everything.
Sami used to run off with his mom's phone.
Sami can't dodge bullets.
Sami was thankful that this happened.
Sami was Layla's partner in crime.
Sami ended up getting cheated on.
Sami doesn't eat bacon.
Sami was in a really good mood.
Sami was having a really good day.
Sami was taking care of Layla.
Sami brought Layla a bottle of water.
Sami was extremely rude and condescending.
Sami was very happy.
Sami was not feeling that at all.
Sami wasn't feeling that at all.
Sami was looking over the menu.
Sami doesn't understand any of this.
Sami just doesn't understand any of this.
Sami wanted to order the cheapest thing on the menu.
Sami ordered the most expensive thing on the menu.
Sami asked a ton of different questions.
Sami asked a lot of questions.
Sami and Layla both ordered.
Sami started snickering.
Sami heard Layla snickering.
Sami was making fun of me.
Sami has to deal with this.
Sami deals with this all the time.
Sami ate his food.
Sami was minding his own business.
Sami said the food was disgusting.
Sami can't describe how rude Layla was.
Sami is shaking again.
In mathematics, a quiver is a digraph.
Sami was extremely rude to Layla.
Sami was extremely rude to the waitress.
Sami told the kitchen to remake that customer's order.
Sami checked on Layla.
Sami's pasta was overcooked.
Sami wanted to try something else.
Sami went over to the kitchen.
Sami was very apologetic.
Sami wanted to eat for free.
Sami wasn't being rude.
Sami was writing down an order.
Sami has seen this musical.
Sami walked past Layla's table.
Sami turned over and looked at Layla.
Sami was pointing to Layla.
Sami was pointing to Layla and laughing at her.
Sami went over there to talk to Layla.
Sami was asking questions about the menu.
Sami brought food to Layla.
Sami was extremely rude and condescending to Layla.
Sami asked the waiter to box up his pasta to take away.
Sami didn't bother to ask Layla about that.
Sami gave Layla a couple of gift cards.
Sami took the box home.
Sami stormed out the door.
Sami left a tip on the table.
Sami wasn't expecting a tip.
Sami was hoping for a tip.
Sami left a note for Layla.
Sami left this note for Layla.
Sami left a note on the table.
Sami needs to learn how to deal with such assholes.
Sami was really funny today.
Sami used to do this.
Sami is Layla's ex.
Sami rang the bell.
Sami used to do really nasty things.
Sami didn't lift the toilet seat up.
Sami peed on the floor.
Sami lived his life.
Sami did whatever made him happy.
Sami woke up early in the morning.
Sami pulled his pants down and sat in the toilet seat.
Sami and Layla fought about this.
She was willing to give up everything for him.
Sami took a piece of toilet paper and wiped off the toilet seat.
Layla sat in the toilet seat and peed.
Sami had an excessive sweating problem.
Sami had to wash the sheets every single night.
Sami didn't like to sleep with the sheet on the bed.
Sami hates the smell of sweat.
Sami's sheets were soaking wet.
Mennad's pillow is soaking wet.
Sami had to wash his sheets every day.
Sami's sheets literally stank.
Sami washed his sheets every single day.
Sami eats in the middle of the night.
Sami could not go to sleep unless he ate ice cream.
Sami loves vanilla ice cream.
Sami ate the ice cream in the kitchen.
Sami's ice cream melted.
Sami's ice cream started to melt.
Sami spent sixteen dollars a day on ice cream.
Sami ate ice cream in the morning.
Sami was eating ice cream.
Sami was addicted to ice cream.
Sami had eczema.
Sami was itching himself.
Sami took a bath.
Sami was so neglectful of his eczema.
Sami bit his nails.
Sami asked Layla to scratch his back.
Sami took the remote control and used it to scratch his back.
Sami scratched his back with the remote control.
Sami was a goofy funny guy.
Sami could not take it anymore.
Sami climbs trees.
Sami can climb trees.
Sami climbed a tree.
Sami sliced a sheet with his toe nailes.
Layla was dating a guy.
Sami didn't have the best hygiene.
Sami never flossed.
Sami brushed his teeth every morning.
Sami has to brush his teeth.
Sami forgot to brush his teeth.
Sami and Layla spent more time togehter.
Sami has bad breath.
Sami told Layla she had bad breath.
Sami's breath smells so bad.
Tom is stealing.
Tom is beautiful.
Mary is cooking.
Mary doesn't believe in God.
Mary tricked Tom.
Why are there no messengers of God nowadays?
The baby is ill and his mother is worried.
Since this baby has been crying all the day, then he must be ill.
His eyes were red.
Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1963.
The natives of America are the Amerindians.
Nobody knows how Adolf Hitler died.
Yidir is a teacher of Berber.
Yidir teaches at the middle school.
When you get out of the toilet, wash your hands.
His house is full of flies.
Tom dabbled in magic.
Mary dabbled in magic.
Mary denied that she had dabbled in magic.
This water is polluted, do not drink it.
This hotel has valet parking.
Tom had an air of mystery about him.
Tom has an air of mystery about him.
Mary had an air of mystery about her.
Mary has an air of mystery about her.
Who's that pregnant woman?
Their illicit romance was both dangerous and exciting.
She dreamed of their future together.
Tom dreamed of their future together.
Mary is better at this than I am.
Tom snapped out of his reverie.
The workers are exhausted.
Mary is a dialogue police officer.
I won't repeat this, so listen carefully.
They're empty.
My son has become a man.
Go back!
Step aside!
Use the dustbin.
Keep your clothes clean.
Wipe your mouths.
Rinse your hands.
There is a lot of milk in the jar.
There is little milk in the jar.
There is enough milk in the jar.
He can't cope with his parent's death.
He can't cope with the remorse.
Only Tom understood me, and he misunderstood me.
Your cooking smells good.
Your cooking smells good, Tom.
I don't know what you're cooking, but it smells really good.
Something sure smells good.
Something sure smells good, said Tom walking into the kitchen.
What are you cooking? It smells good.
Something smells good. What are you cooking?
Tom did not respond to my question.
I can smell something cooking.
Tom could smell something cooking.
The gravy was thick.
This gravy is very thick.
Tom savoured the moment.
The kitchen always smells good when Tom is around.
That food is yummy.
For everything to stay the same, everything must change.
I ordered tourmalinated quartz last week.
My positive self-talk creates my reality.
See you later, Mother.
Hello, Mother.
Thank you, Mother.
Hello Kaʻiulani.
Comparing with cars, I prefer taking the train.
What would you all like to eat?
He is an author and a politician.
Your opinions are out of touch with reality.
Have you all eaten?
Tomorrow a new year will begin.
Please bring a glass of beer.
We ridiculed him because of that thing.
I sat on chewing gum.
At nightfall I like following the tradition of taking a walk along the lakeside.
The internet is not connecting.
May God protect you against all diseases!
May God heal him from cancer!
There are three sides to every story.
You must understand it.
As a father of two sons, it's nice to see that my sons like to do the same things as I do.
They do the same things as I did when I was a child.
Sami likes doing it.
Sami liked doing this.
Sami thinks that's so beautiful.
Sami is not a professional.
Layla is just a regular girl.
Sami will never reveal Layla's identity.
Sami read a message from Layla.
Sami was reading a message from himself to Layla.
Sami doesn't have very many people to talk to about this.
Sami was addicted to painkillers.
Sami and Layla have been on and off for six years.
Sami doesn't fully trust Layla.
I don't like raï music.
This conference is good.
His father was a member of Communist Party.
She kissed him and slapped him across the face.
Layla dated a drug addict.
Sami said that getting paid at that bar was like pulling teeth.
Sami has done videos on this topic in the past.
Sami suffered from that.
Sami suffered from the disease of addiction.
Sami understood Layla's motives for doing this.
Sami was in a relationship on and off with Layla.
Layla was in a relationship on and off with someone who had drug issues.
Layla was in a relationship on and off with someone who had drinking issues.
Sami and Layla really loved each other at the beginning.
Sami was a really weird person.
Sami was the son of a drug addict.
Sami is a different person.
Sami developed an eating disorder.
Sami wasn't able to control Layla.
Sami's eating disorder was life-threatening.
Sami had a lot of guilt.
Sami took pills.
Sami was taking those pills.
Sami didn't have much of an appetite because he was taking those pills.
Sami began using steroids.
Sami suffered from all the typical side effects that came with steroids.
Sami thought that was really weird.
Sami opened up the bag.
Sami used steroids.
Sami had a life-time supply of steroids.
Sami googled it and found out what it was.
Sami had tons of syringes at home.
Sami threw the syringes in the trash.
Sami was allergic to telling the truth.
What is her name?
Sami was going to sue Layla.
Sami stole Layla's illegal drugs.
Sami sued Layla because she stole his drugs.
Sami is totally unfamiliar with that cocktail of medication.
Sami absolutely needs this drug.
Sami pretended like it wasn't happening.
Sami chose to overlook all of those things.
Sami came from an extremely abusive household.
Sami was so mistreated.
Sami took sleeping pills every day.
Sami's son stole his sleeping pills again.
Sami used his mom's bathroom.
Sami stole his mother's pills.
Sami's son stole his pills.
Sami found Layla's pills.
Sami found Layla's pills and stole them.
Sami was just trying to convince himself that Layla was OK.
Sami became a psychotic paranoid.
Sami talked about that in a separate video.
Sami was being cheated on.
Sami knew Layla was lying to him about everything.
Sami was doing that at the time.
Sami filled the teddy bear with pills.
Sami went through Layla's phone.
Sami and Layla knew the same people.
Sami needs those pills.
Sami was selling pills to Layla.
Sami bought those pills from a co-worker.
Sami felt so isolated.
Sami felt so afraid to talk to people about it.
Sami is so paranoid.
Sami chose to keep it a secret.
Sami wanted to steal Layla's pills.
Sami could hear Layla chewing on those pills.
Sami was afraid of that guy.
Sami was afraid of talking to Layla.
Sami recommended visiting that website.
Sami hasn't heard of it.
Sami could go there.
Sami's anxiety isn't as bad as mine.
Sami felt so guilty.
Sami wanted to get help.
Sami and Layla's relationship didn't work out.
Sami was having an online relationship with someone who was underage.
Layla was in a relationship with an addict.
Sami wanted Layla to know that she was not alone.
Sami wanted Layla to know that she wasn't alone.
Sami wanted to go back and hug that girl.
Sami can overcome this.
Layla never believed that she could survive without Sami.
Sami was mentally ill.
Sami didn't want to get emotional in the video.
Sami has moved past it.
Sami was involved.
Sami wants to watch the video.
Sami shared his story with us.
Sami showed Layla the love he had for her.
Sami wound up in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami sought help for his mental health issues.
Sami spoke out against the stigma against mental health issues.
Sami suffered from a mental illness.
Sami wanted to kill himself.
Sami had mental health issues.
Sami talked about abuse and manipulation.
Sami is suffering immensely with different health issues.
Sami will get into that later.
Sami is not going to give you details on that.
Sami isn't going to give you details on that.
Sami loved the idea of rebelling.
Sami was such a bad kid.
Sami was a brute.
Sami pretended that he was drunk.
Sami wanted to be heard and seen.
Sami went back to his mother's place.
Sami was abused by his mother.
Sami went back with his mother.
Sami rejected that.
Sami didn't want to live with his mother.
Sami was feeling so much anxiety.
Sami messaged his mother.
Sami came home from work early.
Sami took Layla back with him.
Sami was kicking and screaming.
Sami's son was kicking and screaming.
Sami and Layla were worried about Farid.
Sami was raised in an abusive household.
Sami did the best thing that he could to help Layla.
Sami fought with his father.
Sami was kicking his father off of him.
Sami was screaming and kicking his father off of him.
Sami cannot go back there.
Sami would fight to his death to avoid going back there.
Sami would fight to his death to avoid going back to jail.
Sami had nightmares.
Sami didn't want to go back with his father.
Sami was back in his hometown.
Sami didn't want to live with his parents.
Sami pulled up to a hospital.
Sami went into the hospital.
Sami wanted to go to bed.
Sami was beaten down mentally.
Sami turned eighteen and moved out.
Sami was mentally and emotionally exhausted.
Sami was given a psychiatric evaluation.
Sami was living in my house.
Sami was extremely abusive.
Sami photocopied pages of Layla's private journal.
Sami found Layla's journal and read it.
Sami read Layla's journal entirely.
Sami read the entire thing.
Sami had a psychiatric appointment.
Sami wasn't aware of what was going on.
Sami was falling asleep.
Sami was shivering.
Sami got bad grades.
Sami realized it.
Sami's parents showed up to take him back home.
Sami didn't use those words.
Sami was pushed out of the room.
Sami was separated from his parent.
Sami was pulled away to the psychiatric ward.
Sami was in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami said this to the doctor.
Sami could use his shoe laces to hang himself.
Sami could hear people outside the room crying and screaming.
Sami explained Layla how everything worked.
Sami did that every single day.
Sami threw all of his friends under the bus.
Sami wouldn't throw his friends under the bus.
Sami doesn't think Layla needs to be in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami had to deal with it.
Sami wanted Layla to be in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami was a crazy person.
Sami needed psychiatric help.
Sami met many amazing people.
Sami committed violent crimes.
Sami was sexually abused.
Sami tried to escape from the psychiatric hospital.
Sami struggled with illness.
Sami used many abuse techniques.
Sami felt comfortable talking about that.
Sami watched many videos that night.
Sami apologized for making that video.
Sami felt that need to apologize.
Sami talked about a real life experience.
Sami should just sit down and be quiet.
Sami can probably see this.
Sami is talking about a serious topic today.
Sami read many news articles about this.
Sami doesn't care what her name is.
Sami didn't care what her name was.
Sami thought a lot about that.
Sami told us about his own experiences.
Sami is speaking for himself.
Sami watched these videos again.
Sami felt angry and sad for those women.
Sami didn't shut his laptop.
Sami was the victim of a sexual assault.
Sami was sexually assaulted for the first time at sixteen years old.
Sami had an older brother.
Sami was a freshman in high school.
Sami was so cool and so cute.
Sami knew Layla's little sister.
Sami might know about Layla.
Sami fell asleep early at the party.
Sami has decided he had enough.
Sami went to sleep in Layla's room.
Sami went up to Layla's room.
Sami turned on the light in Layla's room.
Sami needs to change the light bulb in the morning.
Sami was lying on top of Layla.
Sami didn't say anything at all.
Sami was whispering weird things in Layla's ear.
Sami was probably just drunk.
Sami was drunk and he didn't know what he was doing.
Sami began to pay attention to Layla.
Sami is trying to contact Layla.
Sami didn't even know that what that man did to him was sexual assault until he was an adult.
Sami fought a drunk guy.
Sami was a bad kid in school.
Sami was just a normal guy.
Sami talked about rape culture.
Sami said that Layla's dress was going to be a distraction to her classmates.
Sami remembered what he did.
Sami didn't remember what he did.
Sami assaulted me.
Sami literally assaulted me.
Sami was sexually assaulted again.
Sami went to this hotel.
Sami left his phone outside.
Sami left his lighter outside.
Sami asked Layla to come out and help him.
Layla was not raped.
Layla was assaulted but she was not raped.
Sami gave Layla a ride home.
Sami was begging me to come and stay with him at his house.
Sami was begging Layla to stay with him.
Sami tried to do something.
Sami needs to get out of that car.
Sami was thinking about what had happened.
Sami was scheduled to work the next morning.
Sami just quit and never showed up again.
Sami's situation is a billion times worse than Layla's.
Layla was sexually assaulted by a drunk man.
Layla got her ass smacked in the middle of a concert.
Sami was arrested, tortured, and even got his ass smacked.
Sami kissed Layla back.
Sami was a child and had absolutely no idea that that was sexual assault.
Sami tried to rape Layla.
Sami won't be able to talk about that.
Sami will not be able to talk about that.
Sami is not a bad person.
Sami isn't a bad person.
Sami started dating Layla a couple of years ago.
Sami and Layla dated for a long time.
Sami and Layla's relationship needed to end.
Sami and Layla's toxic relationship needed to end.
Sami and Layla were out that night.
Sami texted Layla sixty times in a row and she never replied.
Sami doesn't know who I am.
Sami doesn't even know Layla's friends.
Sami doesn't know any of Layla's friends.
Sami's phone rang a couple of times.
Sami's phone didn't ring again.
Sami ran into Layla everywhere he would go.
Sami went to a pizza restaurant.
Sami opened the door to his Uber and find Layla in there.
Sami was really good friends with Farid.
Sami was talking about her.
Sami was friends with Layla's friends.
Layla is a nice girl.
Sami is also crazy.
Sami would see Layla a lot.
Sami felt really bad for Layla.
Sami was trying to move on.
Sami didn't expect Layla to be there.
Sami was in that area of the bar.
Sami's girlfriend was really pretty.
I wonder what happened to Atlantis.
What happened to Atlantis?
Sami took a picture of Layla and her boyfriend.
Sami doesn't know her.
Sami was dating Farid's ex-girlfriend.
Sami would just stare at me.
Sami made out with Layla just now.
Sami made out with Farid's girlfriend just now.
Sami was trying so hard to get Layla jealous.
Sami was sitting near Layla.
Sami was friends with a lot of Farid's friends.
Sami tried to put his arm around Layla.
Sami wasn't joking.
Sami was joking around.
Layla was desperate to get Sami's attention.
Sami ordered his drink.
Tom claims to have found the lost city of Atlantis.
Does she smoke?
Is she smoking?
Sami had a good time with Layla.
Sami didn't hear the things Farid and Layla were saying to each other.
Sami won't stop.
Sami will not stop.
Sami wouldn't stop.
Sami didn't want to cause a drama.
Sami can leave now.
Sami must leave now.
Sami said my name.
Sami said Layla's name one more time.
Sami should leave both of us alone.
Sami looks stupid right now.
Layla was jealous that Sami had a new girlfriend.
Sami has broken Layla's heart.
Sami started yelling and making a sense.
Sami came up and physically moved Layla away from Salima.
Sami got Layla out of the bar.
Sami was just shaking.
Sami could have gotten arrested.
Layla was about to get in a fight with another girl.
Sami was done with this.
Sami is one of my best friends and I love him so much.
Sami just wanted to meet Layla.
Sami is a loser.
Sami called Layla when she was halfway home.
Sami's mom came.
Sami forgot this.
Layla was my boyfriend's mom.
Sami was ungrateful to Layla.
Sami and Layla started dating.
Sami was very warm and welcoming.
Layla would introduced Salima to people as his daughter-in-law.
Sami's addiction affected Layla's life.
Sami didn't know Layla drank.
Sami was sober all the time.
Sami and Layla broke up a lot.
Sami and Layla had an on-and-off relationship.
Sami and Layla were always in and out of each other's life.
Sami treats Layla like shit.
Sami texted Layla while she was in school.
Sami came to the school.
Sami left this at Layla's house.
Sami bought this for Layla on Christmas.
Sami opened the package.
Sami wrote all those horrible words.
Sami and Layla did that six times.
Sami and Layla were doing things all the time together.
Sami was driving and swerving all over the road.
Sami opened up the lid to the mug.
Sami was drinking vodka.
Sami was driving us all over town.
Sami doesn't have to be in this car.
Sami didn't want to hear about anything.
Sami's mom lived in Egypt at the time.
Sami wanted to come.
Sami wants to come.
Sami and Layla should know each other.
Sami got pulled over for speeding.
Sami was in the back seat, screaming at the police officer.
Sami saw my face.
Sami was asked to step out of the car.
Sami went to check on his mom.
Sami's room smelt of alcohol.
Sami was super broke.
Sami didn't have money to get his car fixed.
Sami took Layla to the airport.
Sami was getting ready to get in his car.
Sami can fix Layla's car.
Sami and Layla ended up breaking up.
Sami got text messages every single day from Layla.
Sami took Layla's car without telling her.
Sami was going to sue Layla for the money that he owed her.
Sami is asking you to pay him.
Sami was literally terrified.
Sami blocked Layla's number.
Sami had a crazy mom.
A coward dies a thousand deaths, a hero dies but one.
Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.
This is one of my favorite quotes.
This is one of Tom's favorite quotes.
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Tom wrote an inspirational quote on the chalkboard.
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.
Did you take your pills this morning?
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.
Tom did some quick math.
I did some quick math.
Tom did some quick math in his head.
He plays footbal every day.
The Fibonacci sequence can be found in nature.
Sometimes, he plays handball.
Each number in the Fibonacci sequence is the sum of the two numbers that precede it.
Fibonacci spirals can be found on pine cones.
This tree has many branches.
This bank has many branches.
The Fibonacci sequence of numbers is found widely in nature.
Tom collected some pine cones in the forest.
That's hard to swallow.
Are complex numbers real?
Imaginary numbers are real.
Are numbers real?
Men need to feel important.
Which is the best? Boxing or karate.
Tom doesn't understand fractions.
Mary tried to explain fractions to Tom by using a pie as an analogy.
Tom ate 100% of the pie.
He's never been KO'd.
Tom ate half of the pie.
Tom ate half of the pie. How much of the pie is left?
That makes me feel old.
It makes me feel old. "That's because you're old."
I figured, why not?
Female students outnumber male students on campus.
Female students slightly outnumber male students.
He was extremely good-looking.
Mary bit her lip.
She was extremely forward.
Tom moved his cursor.
What are your favorite books?
Tom left me for another woman.
Mary left me for another man.
Tom had never realized just how lovely Mary really was.
Tom had never realized just how lovely Mary was.
Tom had never realized just how pretty Mary really was.
Tom had never realized just how beautiful Mary really was.
Have you spoken since?
That statistic is completely made up.
80% of statistics are completely made up.
Mary and Kate often shop together.
Mary and Kate often go shopping together.
This is more efficient.
Doing it this way is more efficient.
That's a bit of an oversimplification.
Let me just do a quick check.
He's a pathetic jerk.
Tom likes jerky.
They talked for hours.
Tom bent over backwards to please Mary.
She bent over backwards to please him.
Tom tore off the band-aid.
This time, it's different.
Okay, you win.
Mary ripped off the large bandage.
Tom ripped off the band-aid.
He's definitely hiding something.
She's definitely hiding something.
Tom is definitely hiding something.
You can find somebody else to help you.
It would probably be a good idea.
It seems like he's hiding something.
It seems like she's hiding something.
Looking for a midnight snack?
It's a fascinating theory.
Tom loves learning more than anything else.
It's clear that something more is going on.
Tom was convinced that something more was going on.
She's just pretending to be your friend.
Tom is just pretending to be your friend.
I didn't know Tom had a sense of humor.
I didn't know you had a sense of humor.
He has something to hide.
She has something to hide.
Don't you think that's a little convenient?
Don't you think that's a little too convenient?
Don't you think it seems a little convenient?
Don't you think it's more than a little convenient?
I see no reason not to.
Tom made a lowball offer.
What you're saying makes no sense.
His ploy almost succeeded.
Tom's ploy almost suceeded.
Her ploy almost succeeded.
They know something we don't.
He knows something we don't.
Tom knows something we don't.
Tom knows something I don't.
Tom knows something Mary doesn't.
You have quite the imagination.
That's a little too convenient, don't you think?
Mary is lamenting Tom's death.
It all started in Boston.
It all started when I first met Tom.
A messenger reports that the enemy is approaching.
I'm spending the evening with Tom.
Isn't Tom your cat?
I couldn't keep my mind off of Tom.
I couldn't keep my mind off of him.
I couldn't keep my mind off of her.
I couldn't keep my mind off of Mary.
You've outdone yourself this time.
He just wanted to get rid of me.
Tom just wanted to get rid of me.
She just wanted to get rid of me.
Ever since Tom died, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Mary died, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Mary passed away, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Tom passed away, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Tom left me, things haven't been the same.
Ever since Mary left me, things haven't been the same.
An army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep.
Our house has three bedrooms.
Give this hat to your mother!
The toilet paper is used up.
The temperature at the North Pole is different from at the South Pole.
He has no filter for what he says.
Go and see!
Please consider that the maximum doesn't exist in some circumstances.
Today I had four exams.
On the border, there is a stretch of agricultural land.
She is with her parents.
You were duped by him.
Could you show me the way to the town hall, please?
My name's Tom, and you?
How is this word pronounced, sir?
I will never eat much when I am about to sleep.
Hello and thank you.
Good morning, what is your name?
Good morning, Mother.
Good morning and thank you.
Is your name Slender Warrior?
Big Charlie’s mother’s name is Red Woman.
His name is Kii.
In French and in English, it is called Canada.
You and I are really good friends.
Go, Kaʻiulani.
Speak, Kawika.
Abranis is a Kabyle rock band.
Dihya wants a beer.
All the shops will be closed tomorrow.
Sami isn't here to ruin your day.
Sami doesn't know anything about me.
Layla was living in a condo with one of her girlfriends.
Tomorrow the Chinese national team play against the Korean national team in their home arena.
The teacher played music using a recorder.
I think this photo was taken five months ago.
Those dogs will not stop barking.
Fatima is drunk.
It is hot. Bring the electric fan.
Andaz Uzzal is a Kabyle metal band.
Sami's stories have happy endings.
Sami said that this story was worth sharing.
Sami loved animals.
Sami was living in a condo.
Ali Amrane is a Kabyle rock singer.
Sami rentend a room from Layla.
Sami lived in a condo complex.
Sami had his own parking spot.
Sami lived in an apartment complex.
Sami's neighbor was a sex offender.
Sami lives across from us.
Sami shared a parking lot with the Bakirs.
Sami's dog would never stop barking.
Sami's dog would literally never stop barking.
Sami never thought a think of it.
Sami knows what we are talking about.
Sami's window faced the parking lot.
Sami was living in that condo complex.
Sami's parents owned a condo complex.
Sami's dog never stops barking.
Sami's dog is outside.
Sami's dog was outside all night.
Sami started getting a little concerned.
Sami's dogs were barking.
Sami peeked through the gates.
Sami left food and water for his dog.
Sami started getting really frustrated.
Sami needed to do something about this.
Sami's dog was euthanized.
Sami's dog was caught and sent to a pond where it was euthanized.
Sami talked to the police department.
Sami complained about Layla's dogs.
Sami doesn't know someone else he could speak to.
Amar Amarni is a Kabyle artist.
Sami is gonna take care of it.
Sami was on his way home from work.
Sami didn't even bother.
Sami's dogs are bothering Layal.
Sami has been giving those dogs food and water for weeks.
Sami filled up his dog's water dish.
Sami sprayed his dogs with water to keep them cool.
Sami had his animals taken away from him.
Sami said that no one lived there.
Sami never saw a car park there.
Sami isn't doing anything about it.
Sami's gate was locked.
Sami called back the police department.
Sami got back to the police department.
Detective Bakir was so happy to take that case on.
Layla stayed at her boyfriend's house.
Sami and Layla were chilling in the backyard.
Sami immediately started crying.
Sami can save those dogs.
Sami has a mailbox.
Sami will keep you posted.
Sami found Layla's dog.
Sami's entire backyard was covered in feces and urine.
Sami just started sobbing.
Sami cared for his dogs.
Sami gave his dogs to Layla.
Sami's new dog has been in Layla's family for six years.
Sami was forced by the police to surrender his dog.
Sami didn't allow dogs into his apartment.
Sami said this didn't affect him.
Sami has been watching Layla's YouTube channel for a while.
Sami hasn't seen any of Layla's previous videos.
Sami worked at that job for six years.
Sami hated rude customers.
Sami has gotten to know everyone really well.
Sami knows everything about that company.
Sami could barely move.
Sami loved all of them.
Sami was a very tough guy.
Sami went to prison.
Sami is a guy you wouldn't like to mess with.
Sami was coming into work.
Sami was working in the kitchen that day.
Sami has been to prison.
Sami was getting ready.
If I find him, I'll kill him.
Sami was supposed to have a meeting.
Sami has been robbed last night.
Sami wasn't even paying attention.
Sami was robbed at knife point.
Sami had a knife in his hand.
Sami was held up with a gun.
Sami robbed a restaurant.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's reaction.
Sami robbed a restaurant with a gun.
Sami will never forget it.
Sami hated that manager.
Sami didn't respect the manager.
Sami got drunk at work.
Sami did drugs at work.
Sami was the manager's favorite.
Sami wasn't even a manager.
Sami had some power.
Sami trained Layla.
Sami was eating his lunch.
Sami introduced himself to the new people.
Sami was eating asleep.
Sami was literally falling asleep.
Sami and Layla are both addicts.
Sami wasn't an addict.
Sami wasn't making fun of that situation.
Sami was smoking weed in front of his co-worker.
Sami was hired to roll silverware at the restaurant.
Sami had some silverware to roll.
Sami was rolling silverware.
Sami was doing his best.
Sami did his thing.
Sami showed back up.
Sami has just cleaned the silverware.
Sami said hi to Layla again.
Sami said hello to me.
Sami was with another girl that we worked with.
Sami comes in early.
Sami never knew who I was the entire time we worked there.
Sami had crazy co-workers.
Sami has crazy customers.
Sami drank a lot of lemonade.
Sami mixed that drink with lemonade.
Sami wasn't keeping track.
Sami hasn't eaten enough.
Sami was standing at his table.
Sami blacked out at work.
Sami quickly learned his lesson.
Sami was too drunk to wait tables.
Sami was slurring his words.
Sami needs to go home and go to bed.
Sami was drinking with us.
Sami's manager was drinking with him.
Sami was new here.
Sami is Layla's ex-boyfriend.
Sami made several videos about this in the past.
Sami and Layla were in a serious relationship.
Sami has no shortage of stories to tell about this.
Sami is trying to focus on that chapter of Roosevelt's life.
Sami is watching my YouTube channel.
Sami knows what Layla is going through.
Sami found my YouTube channel.
Sami found my videos on YouTube.
Sami found my YouTube videos.
Sami didn't know how Layla found his YouTube videos.
Sami and Layla ended their relationship.
Sami would call Layla even when he had a new girlfriend.
Sami has a new girlfriend.
Anzar is the lord of the rain.
Sami tells all his girlfriends about Layal.
Sami would tell all his new girlfriends about Layla.
Sami worked with that girl.
Sami used to work at that restaurant.
Sami was known for sleeping with literally every girl that worked at that office.
Sami knows about you.
Sami always talked about Layla.
Sami was dating someone else.
Sami and Layla finally broke up in 2006.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for six months.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for the last several years.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for several years.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for more than six months.
Sami saw a name that looked familiar.
Sami recognized Layla's first name but didn't recognize the last name.
Sami cheated on Layla with a minor.
Sami did really crazy abusive things.
Sami's face went white when he looked down at his phone and saw Layla's number.
Sami wanted to know Layla's full name.
Sami started panicking a little bit.
Sami got a response back.
Sami is typing.
Sami was writing a really long paragraph.
Sami made videos about Layla on YouTube.
Sami changed his YouTube channel name.
Sami changed the name of his YouTube channel.
Sami found Layla's Snapchat.
Sami couldn't find Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami didn't want any contact with Layla.
Sami didn't respond to Layla.
Sami never heard this.
Sami was a master manipulator.
Sami came from a family of master manipulators.
Sami was good at manipulating people.
Sami had an opportunity to help.
Sami had an opportunity to help Layla.
Sami felt manipulated.
Sami lived through it.
Sami wasn't trying to ruin Layla and Farid's relationship.
Sami wanted to run.
Sami shouldn't look back.
Sami cheated on me with a minor.
Sami was chatting with a minor.
Sami dated a sixteen year old girl when he was twenty six.
Sami discussed this with Layla.
Sami extended his hand for help.
Sami wanted to block Layla on Facebook.
Sami went on with his life.
Sami got engaged.
Sami wasn't upset at all.
Sami is engaged.
Sami has been messaging Layla on Snapchat.
Sami obviously didn't listen to anything Layla said.
Sami shouldn't make the same mistakes Layla made.
Sami took Layla's hand.
Sami was messaging young girls online.
Sami was talking about his sex life.
Sami wanted to see more videos about that.
Sami caught Layla cheating.
Sami caught Layla cheating on her husband.
Sami caught Layla cheating on him.
Sami told us a new crazy story about aliens.
Sami caught his girlfriend cheating on him.
Sami met Layla on Halloween 2006.
Layla dressed as a zombie ballerina on Halloween.
Sami is the guy Layla was dating at the time.
Sami was one of Layla's friends.
Sami was the nicest guy ever.
Sami has recently gotten a girlfriend.
Sami wanted to meet this girl.
Sami has anything against gays.
Sami said it was freezing outside.
Sami didn't take a taxi.
Sami found a ton of people there.
Layla looks so cute.
Sami was really talkative.
Sami kept to himself a little bit.
Sami and Layla seemed a really good match.
Sami had his hands in his pockets.
Sami and Layla were making out at the party.
Sami and Layla were kissing at the party.
Sami and Layla made out at the party.
Layla wore a tutu.
Sami was trying to be as quick as he could.
Sami yelled back.
Sami yelled and Layla yelled back.
Sami couldn't control it.
Sami doesn't dislike this girl but she is giving him really weird vibes.
Sami had plans to go to that bar.
Sami and Layla had plans to go to that bar.
Sami's Uber showed up.
Sami called an Uber.
Sami's car was so nice and warm.
Sami was complaining that it was too hot in the car.
Sami gets really angry when he sees this.
Sami doesn't really know her.
Sami was waiting outside the bar.
Sami found a line outside the bar.
Sami was sitting behind us.
Sami was complaining about how miserably cold he was.
Sami and Layla were arguing through their teeth.
Sami and Layla were bickering.
Sami and Layla were bickering in the back seat.
Sami drank six drinks that night.
Sami wasn't really that drunk.
Sami dreads going out.
Sami dreads going out at night.
Sami pulled out his phone in the middle of our conversation.
Sami pulled out his phone and started taking pictures.
Sami's phone isn't working.
Sami wanted Layla to take his picture.
Sami took a picture of us.
Sami took a couple pictures of Layla on his phone.
Sami can take a picture of us.
Sami had his phone in his hand.
Sami found that really entertaining.
Sami started paying more attention to me.
Layla doesn't want to get attention from women. She's straight.
Sami tried to make up with Layla.
Sami touched Layla's lower back.
Sami is probably just drunk.
Sami goes to the bathroom every ten minutes.
Sami and Layla have been dating for like a week.
Sami and Layla haven't seen each other for like a week.
Sami bought Layla a Christmas present.
Sami wanted to surprise Layla with a present.
Sami and Layla were passionately making out.
Sami and Layla were aggressively making out.
Sami and Layla had plans to go out the next night.
Sami and Layla had plans to go out on Halloween.
Sami is going out tonight.
Sami isn't going to go out tonight.
Sami can't go out without Layla.
Sami found a ton of people down there.
Sami was with the bartender.
Sami got more drinks at that bar.
Sami was sucking face with another girl.
The town of Ath Douala is located in Tizi Ouzou.
Sami caught Layla sucking face with Farid.
Sami's brother was with us.
Sami has seen Layla several times.
Sami's back was facing us.
Layla is Sami's new girlfriend.
Sami has to say something.
Sami remembers Layla from last night.
Sami was just standing there, stunned.
Sami must have mistaken this girl with someone else.
Sami is dating my best friend.
Sami doesn't even know who these guys are.
Sami ran up to the bathroom.
Sami tried to chase after Layla and talked to her.
Sami was sick last night.
Sami and Layla were with Farid last night.
Sami was yelling at my girlfriend.
Sami started showing Layla a bunch of pictures of his girlfriend.
Sami was super apologetic.
Sami is a really nice guy.
Sami needs to leave.
Sami stayed with Layla until Christmas.
Sami didn't believe us.
Sami was just drunk.
Sami isn't dating this girl anymore.
Sami enjoyed Layla's stories.
Anzar's fiancee is beautiful.
Leonardo Fibonacci was born in the city of Pisa.
Sami is not going to watch the video.
Sami wrote a response back.
Sami was really flattered.
Sami has seen Layla's video.
Sami is still watching Layla's YouTube video.
Sami sent the link to his video to a group chat.
Sami had a Cinderella story with Layla.
Sami was going through the list.
Sami wanted to make fun of Layla.
Sami shouldn't mess with Layla.
Sami wanted to get Layla and Farid together.
Sami was messing with them.
Mennad and Baya ended up becoming friends.
Sami is the nicest guy ever.
Sami's manager was following this whole fiasco.
Sami would hide from his friends.
Sami isn't going to believe it.
Sami wondered why Layla cared so much.
Sami sent Layla some questions.
Sami used to do that all the time.
Sami sent Layla questions about her relationship with Farid.
Sami went to his bank.
Sami couldn't find the checkbook.
Sami couldn't find his checkbook.
Sami lost his checkbook.
Sami left his checkbook at Layla's office.
Sami thought he lost his checkbook.
Sami left his checkbook in Layla's car.
Sami dropped his checkbook in Layla's car.
Sami had his own group.
Sami and Layla had a clique in high school.
Layla ended up getting pregnant by Sami.
Sami wanted to know more about Layla's past.
Kurt Cobain died on 5 April 1994 in Seattle.
Sami was dating other girls.
Sami did a YouTube series.
Sami needs to clarify that.
Sami felt the need to clarify that.
Sami and Layla were only fifteen or sixteen at the time.
Sami was forbidden to talk to Layla.
Sami had dinner with his whole family.
Sami and Layla were in the kitchen cooking practically all day.
Sami's mom wasn't there.
Sami still has no idea what Layla is doing.
Sami has to leave early.
Sami has to get out of my house.
Sami has been drinking in his room.
Sami spilled a bottle of alcohol in the room.
Sami saved that dog's life.
Sami saved those dogs' lives.
Sami and Layla are getting married this week.
Sami and Layla lost touch.
Sami is very old.
Sami got a friend request from Layla.
Sami and Layla had a cute relationship.
Sami wasn't on Facebook.
Sami was not on Facebook.
Sami and Layla started messaging.
M'hamed Issiakhem is a famous Kabyle artist.
Layla was so beautiful.
Sami was so handsome.
Sami was peeing on the toilet seat.
Sami put the toilet seat down.
Sami stood on a stool.
Sami was scratching his back with a butter knife.
Sami never clipped his toe nails.
Sami has long toe nails.
Sami used to be addicted to diet coke.
Sami and Layla would joke about it.
Sami hasn't brushed his teeth in six days.
Sami hasn't showered in six days.
Sami hasn't brushed his teeth in two days and hasn't showered in six.
Sami went back up to sleep.
Sami wonders what is going on.
Sami is lying on his stomach.
Sami made his way over to Layla.
Sami's dad called Layla's dad.
Sami and Layla wrote letters to each other.
Sami is going to have a day off.
Sami is coming to pick you up.
Sami needed to take a day off.
Sami didn't want to be open today.
Sami had a young manager.
Sami's manager is young.
Sami is a young manager.
Sami doesn't get along with his manager.
Sami was hanging out with his manager.
Sami was dating his manager.
Sami started dating his manager.
Sami's house is so far away.
If you have a newborn boy, call him Tom.
Sami can have the night off.
Sami lived in a cul-de-sac.
Sami is a middle-schooler now.
Layla was dating a new guy.
Layla was dating a new person.
Layla was dating someone else.
Sami and Layla started dating in June.
Sami and Layla haven't said "I love you" to each other yet.
Layla was in love with him.
Sami wasn't supposed to be the one to say it.
Layla wasn't supposed to be the one to say "I love you" first.
Sami was very loving and kind and sweet when he was with me.
Sami was too scared to talk about it.
Sami accidentally said "I love you" to Layla.
Sami was wrongly admitted to a mental hospital.
Sami spent six days in a mental hospital.
Sami met Layla in a mental hospital.
Sami was wrongfully admitted to a mental hospital.
Sami felt like it was a good choice.
Sami feels insulted.
A pregnant woman shouldn't smoke.
Sami is in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami has been through a similar thing.
Sami was going through a similar situation.
Sami has severely struggled with mental healt issues.
Sami was ill and he needed help.
Sami never told the truth.
Sami bought a protein powder.
Sami found Layla's steroids and he threw them away in the trash.
Sami was in the back patio area.
Sami tried everything.
Sami's audience was 60% women.
Sami was waiting for Layla to come out.
Sami got a message on Instagram.
Sami wanted to know what to do next.
Sami was texting his best friends about it.
Sami felt bad for that guy.
Sami kept hitting Layla up.
Sami thinks about it every night.
Sami was enjoying his bath.
Sami made an update to a previous video.
Sami left something at Layla's house.
Sami has been getting a ton of new followers on Facebook.
Sami had tons of followers on Facebook.
Sami needs to find Layla on Facebook.
Sami found Layla on Facebook.
Sami added Layla on Snapchat.
Sami was really puzzled.
Sami was messing with us.
Sami must be a friend of Layla's.
Sami and Layla are messaging each other.
Sami is pretty drunk.
Sami's wife was there with him.
Sami was a bit younger than Layla.
We will deal with it when it happens.
Sami wasn't a bad person.
Sami's youngest daughter was my age.
Sami was very sharp-tongued.
Sami was paying special attention to Layal.
Sami didn't mean to be rude.
Sami didn't want to interrupt that.
Sami backed away.
Sami was tickling Layla's back.
Sami was really tired and he needed to go to bed.
Sami shut the door and locked it.
Sami didn't know how to handle that situation.
Sami had school the next morning.
Sami's room was upstairs.
Sami war running downstairs.
Sami was walking down the stairs.
Sami was trying to make his way down the stairs.
Sami was asleep on the couch by himself.
Sami was trying to find his shoes.
Sami didn't open his phone.
Sami is still asleep on the couch.
Sami got back from school.
Sami was pretty drunk.
Sami just said hello and continued walking.
Sami went out later that night.
Sami went to town.
Sami was staying with a friend.
Sami took Layla to his side of town.
Sami drove back to his side of town.
Sami has been texting Layla all day.
Sami doesn't want to hang out with his co-workers.
Sami and Layla showed up together.
Sami was still paying attention to Layla.
Sami isn't nice at all.
Sami went back to his friend's house.
Sami ate a pizza at a pizza place.
Sami was going to go to bed.
Sami needed to go to bed.
Sami needed to be up early.
Sami lived with his friend.
Sami slept in the guest bedroom.
Sami was trying to fall asleep.
Sami was banging so loud.
Sami put in his headphones and watched some videos to fall asleep.
Sami was getting ready in the bathroom.
Sami is sitting in the bathroom.
Sami was sitting in the bathtub.
Sami and Layla came out of that room together.
Sami and Layla were trying to sneak out.
Sami and Layla started a secret relationship that night.
Sami wanted to be in a relationship with Layla.
Sami got out of that situation.
Sami is in a relationship.
Sami stuck to his morals.
Sami owes me money.
Sami has been so friendly and so kind.
Sami is moving to a new place.
Sami started working with us.
Sami was a big drug dealer.
Sami never came back again.
Sami is never gonna say this.
Sami said that was a truly iconic moment of his life.
Sami and Layla weren't scheduled together.
Sami was so annoying and so loud.
Sami had drugs in his car.
Sami is the sweetest, most adorable human.
Sami and Layla started working together.
Sami was so animated.
Sami was so excited and positive.
Sami didn't want to tell Layla his name.
Sami arrived and clocked in.
Sami continued to call Layla "Lily" until she quit.
Sami lived in a gigantic house.
Sami is so drunk.
Sami is slurring his words.
Sami is not here to judge you.
Sami worked at this restaurant.
Sami had a reputation at that restaurant for being not the best worker.
Sami always had new Nikes.
Sami always had new clothes.
Sami wasn't in the mood to work.
Sami worked a double shift.
Sami handed the cash to his manager.
Sami charged Layla six hundred dollars.
Sami is a pretty good negotiator.
Sami hosted a lot of parties at his house.
Sami kept talking about that house.
Sami has a party house in Cairo.
Sami didn't see a dog anywhere.
Sami didn't see a child anywhere.
Sami got a little more worried.
Sami started to get a little more worried.
Aksil killed Uqba.
Sami's backyard is the size of a soccer field.
Sami was hosting crazy parties.
Sami was scanning the backyard.
Sami wanted to wait outside.
Sami and Layla's relationship is so toxic.
Sami and Layla heard the noise and looked at each other.
Sami and Layla went inside.
Sami opened his car door.
Sami's dog was running around all over the place.
Sami loved dogs more than anything in the world.
Sami is going inside.
Sami's dog didn't have any identification.
Sami's dog sat on Layla's lap.
Sami's dog didn't have a collar.
Sami's dog was shaking.
Sami dog found a lost dog in the parking lot.
Sami ran a marathon in the Sahara desert.
Sami was getting in bed.
Sami made Layla a snack.
Sami was hungry and wanted a snack.
Sami was in a foggy haze.
Sami called from his manager's cellphone.
Sami is about to be fired.
Sami never got his degree.
Sami found a daycare that he did like.
Sami cleaned the toilet.
Sami wasn't financially in a good situation.
Sami paid the rest of the rent.
Sami ran track.
Sami never ran track again.
Sami needs to let Layla know.
Sami has used Skype for years.
Sami is still using Skype.
Sami is still on Skype.
Sami knows what Skype is.
Sami complained about the noise in the background.
Sami was listening to the recording but he also complained about the noice in the background.
Sami's battery was running low.
Sami didn't want to get into details.
Sami has recently graduated.
Sami listened to Christian music.
Sami bought Christian CD's.
Sami could only listen to Christian radio stations.
Sami made more videos.
Sami knows what to expect.
Sami is going back to sleep.
Sami and Layla were always together.
Sami was around a lot.
Sami was seen there a lot.
Sami hung out there a lot.
Sami told Layla not to hang out with Farid.
Sami was mutual friends with Layla and Farid.
Sami wondered what Layla was up to.
Sami was saying all that stuff about Layla.
Sami overheard Layla and Farid.
Sami overhead his parents talking about divorce.
Sami never accepted Layla's apology.
Sami went to church and came back.
Sami went to dinner.
Sami went back to his dorm room.
Sami was sitting in darkness.
Sami turned off all the lights.
Sami gained sixty pounds.
Sami and Layla were minors.
Sami had his soap but not his loofah.
Sami went to get his loofah.
Sami never takes a shower without a loofah.
Sami's loofah was disgusting.
Sami's loofah was dirty.
Sami's loofah stank.
Sami's loofahs smell.
Sami wiped the toilet with Layla's loofah.
Sami was on that recording.
Sami is trying to poison Layla.
Sami is going to get Layla expelled.
Sami is going to report Layla.
Sami is going to get Layla fired.
Sami put Layla's toothbrush in the sink.
Sami didn't try to poison Layla.
Sami knows that Layla doesn't like him.
Sami has been kind this entire time.
Sami could snap on Layla at any moment.
Sami was emptying his store.
Sami didn't know what was happening there.
Sami was waiting for a letter.
Sami wanted to make sure it really worked.
Sami is extremely rude.
Sami didn't put Layla's things in the correct room.
Sami refused to help Layla.
Sami was a complete asshole.
Sami didn't notice the bouquet.
Sami is a total douchebag.
Sami hates the bouquet.
Sami is being rude to family.
Sami is being belligerent.
Sami wanted to have fun.
Sami is a friend of mine.
Layla stole Salima's look.
Sami doesn't consider himself a celebrity.
Sami went to spend his summers in Ontario.
Sami went to school in Egypt.
Sami found the book very interesting.
Sami couldn't get the vision in his head.
Sami went to the event.
Sami flew to Cairo to attend a networking event.
Sami's mother was super sweet.
Sami tried to socialize a little bit.
Sami only knows Layla from social media.
Sami was in the break room.
Sami was smoking a cigarette in the break room.
Sami walked into the break room.
Sami was eating a snack in the break room.
Sami is a customer service agent.
Sami lives in a little ghost town.
Sami lives in a quieter neighborhood.
Sami moved out of this apartment.
Sami is not trying to jeopardize Layla's life.
Aart lives in a very racist area.
Sami had a dog and a whole bunch of cats.
Sami's cats have collars on them.
Sami put collars on his cats.
Mennad kept his cats inside his house.
Sami moved into Layla's building.
Sami dumped the box on Layla's porch.
Sami's cat was pissing on Layla's patio.
Sami's cat took a dump on Layla's doormat.
Sami's cat shat on Layla's doormat.
Sami's patio smelt of ammonia.
Sami doesn't know Layla's personality well.
Sami and Layla are looking at each other.
Sami hung up in my face.
Sami walked over to Layla's desk and gave her a flower.
Sami did a lot of stuff like that.
Sami hid in the bathroom closet.
Sami got his first tattoo when he was sixteen.
Sami forgot the gun was there.
Sami said that loud.
Sami likes horror movies.
Sami and Layla are just making small talk.
Sami didn't want to smoke Layla's weed.
Sami ate a cockroach.
Sami's fridge teemed with small cockroaches.
Sami didn't scare me.
Sami's friend has been murdered.
Sami was smoking weed and his memory was shit.
Sami was short on money.
Sami didn't have any oil.
Sami can buy food with this money.
Sami wanted to buy one.
Sami wanted some money to buy weed.
Sami needs some money to buy weed.
Sami will buy weed with the money.
Sami is going to be weed with the money.
Sami bought this from the liquor store.
Sami is going to the liquor store.
Sami saw Layla with her purse open.
Sami got sent home for being intoxicated.
Sami couldn't drive that night.
Sami gave Layla caffeine pills.
Sami took some caffeine pills.
Sami smelt of weed.
Sami's room reeked of weed and alcohol.
Sami needed to cover that stench of weed.
Sami set up a new Facebook account.
Sami didn't accept Layla's friend request on Facebook.
Sami needs to try again.
Sami is not familiar with this series.
Sami is not familiar with this show.
Sami isn't familiar with this series.
Sami will never be an actor.
Sami isn't familiar with this show.
Sami stole from the cash register.
Sami's burglary was a huge fiasco.
Sami's robbery was a huge fiasco.
Sami tried to rob a bank.
Sami's heist was a huge fiasco.
Sami liked Layla's personality.
Sami isn't talking about other people.
Sami is interested in Layla's life.
Sami doesn't blame you because you weren't here when this happened.
Chuck Norris can press F13.
Sami was wet.
Layla came into the salon.
Sami was literally shocked.
Sami kept talking about it.
Sami has a car now.
Sami noticed that Layla made significant changes.
Sami doesn't know where you live.
Sami is familiar with that neighborhood.
Sami never came outside again.
Sami fixed his car bumper.
Sami had to walk a good long distance to get to his apartment.
Sami fixed his car.
Sami didn't know exactly where Layla lived.
Sami's jacket smelt like burning plastic.
Sami smelt so bad.
Sami slept in his car and he smelt so bad.
Sami had his nipples pierced.
Sami wanted to have his nipples pierced.
Sami didn't leave the school.
Sami was the worst bully to have.
Sami gave Layla shoes.
Sami was tired all the time.
Sami can't notice that.
Sami is making noise.
Sami is just playing.
Sami was gone for six days.
Sami never uses a towel.
Sami said he knew that girl.
Sami put the towel in the trash can.
Sami asked Layla to take the trash out.
Sami took the trash out.
Sami put the tip money into the register.
Sami got a check.
Sami got a paycheck.
Sami's desk was there.
Sami works Monday through Friday.
Sami has never been in a situation like that.
Sami had an emergency.
Sami and Layla said they were friends but I was pretty sure they were smashing.
Sami and Layla say they are friends but I'm pretty sure they're smashing.
Sami had to take his medication.
Sami and Layla were leaving really early.
Sami totalled his father's car.
Sami totalled his dad's pick-up truck.
Sami drove Layla's blue Ford Focus.
Sami should have left Layla alone.
Sami wasn't in that hotel room.
Sami was not in that hotel room.
Sami and Layla were smashing.
Sami and Layla are smashing in a hotel room.
Sami likes Hispanic girls.
Sami can't drink tequila.
Sami doesn't drink tequila.
Sami was on another couch, over there.
Sami and Layla were kissing on the couch.
Sami and Layla were making out on the couch.
Sami and Layla were smashing on the couch.
Sami and Layla were sucking face on the couch.
Sami and Layla were having sex on the couch.
Sami and Layla were fucking on the couch.
Sami had cameras.
Sami needs to move out.
Sami found a place to rent.
Layla got her nails done at Sami's salon.
Sami needs to get an apartment.
Sami was talking shit about me when I wasn't there.
Jesus was born in 1940 before Chuck Norris.
Sami had an envelope.
Sami never smoked a cigarette in his life.
Sami opened the envelope and found some paystubs in it.
Sami gave Layla her last check.
Sami is trying to move out.
Sami was very outspoken.
Sami doesn't need this job.
Sami didn't need a ride.
Sami could go to work at McDonald's with Layla.
Sami is not arguing.
Sami isn't arguing.
Sami needs the other paystubs.
Sami didn't like me even more.
Sami came up to me and started to yell in my ear.
Sami wanted to confront Layla's ass.
Sami quit that night.
Sami came at the beginning of Layla's shift.
Sami heard that Layla had been talking about him.
Sami is a US citizen.
Sami became an Egyptian citizen.
Sami is upset with me.
Sami will give Layla her paystubs.
Sami thinks he knows everything that's going on.
Sami could report Layla to the cops.
Sami is smashing his female co-workers.
Sami was looking confused.
Sami was packing his shit in this box.
Sami packed his shit and left the office.
Sami was fired because he was black.
Sami was renting out rooms.
Sami is not a gossiper.
Sami doesn't listen to rumors.
Sami's children are 30+ years old.
Sami was really terrified.
Sami's phone was about to die.
Sami's computer was his only way of communication in that house.
Sami skipped the whole school year.
Sami was performing the song.
Sami can come back tomorrow.
Sami was done with his presentation.
Sami showed Layla how to sign some basic ASL phrases.
Sami will be in trouble.
Sami was released from Bakir prison.
Sami got a little percentage off.
Sami used to do that.
Sami shouldn't have done this.
Sami gave Layla a piece of candy.
Sami died while at work.
Sami was a medical examiner.
Layla flatironed her wig.
Sami was an emotionless person.
Sami fucked Layla.
Sami fucked his manager.
Sami fucked many girls.
Sami was fucking that girl.
Sami never changed.
Sami fucked multiple bitches.
Layla didn't get pregnant by Sami.
Sami stepped on the dog's tail.
Sami's gate was open.
Sami thought he lost his dog.
Sami was trying to sneak into the house.
Sami gave Layla's video a thumbs-up.
Sami owned the business.
Sami owned a condo in Cairo.
Sami and his kids sat around.
Perhaps it is real.
Sami read some sections of the Bible.
Sami memorized an entire section of the Bible.
Sami is not an artistic person.
Sami isn't a creative person.
Sami was touching my things.
Sami did a lot of fighting on behalf of other people.
Sami couldn't believe he was in that situation.
Sami couldn't sit there for an hour.
Sami took Layla to the pool.
Sami went to the community pool.
Sami was crossing the street.
Sami casually called Layla his girlfriend.
Sami a sixteen year old boy.
Sami likes seafood.
Sami dropped the oysters on the floor.
Sami knew that Layla was very flirtatious.
Sami ended up finding about the affair.
Sami and Layla argued the whole drive.
Sami lives in another state.
Sami lives in another province of Canada.
Sami is not affiliated with any thieves.
Sami is one of Layla's little brothers.
Sami and Layla live in the same apartment complex.
Sami and Layla are younger than me.
Sami is not affiliated with those punks.
Sami heard Layla say that.
Sami was at the wrong place, at the wrong time.
Sami charged his camera a little bit.
Sami had a look inside.
Sami didn't try to hit Layla back.
Sami was being friendly.
Sami needed money for the rent.
Sami isn't going to live with Layla.
Sami isn't going to be my roommate.
Sami was smiling in our faces.
Sami passed away peacefully at home.
Sami was nice enough to come with me.
Sami stayed at a hotel.
Sami invited Layla to his grandfather's funeral.
Sami wasn't invited to the funeral.
Sami is having a seizure.
Sami was taken to the ER.
Sami used ecstasy.
Sami was taken to the emergency room.
Sami dropped a pill inside Layla's soda.
Sami hasn't done drugs for quite a while.
Sami wanted Layla to be high like her.
Sami could have committed suicide.
Layla was Sami's pregnant daughter.
Sami has a hard time trusting people.
Sami doesn't like sharing drinks with friends.
Sami did this to me.
Sami is an old friend.
Sami could barely carry that suitcase.
Sami didn't call the police.
Sami and Layla were both busy.
Sami was pretty freaked out, to say the least.
Sami started reading the e-mail.
Sami will send Layla an e-mail.
Sami offered Layla 600 dollars.
Sami brought a grocery bag.
Sami hates this word.
Sami hates Layla's dogs.
Sami hated that name.
Sami is really sick.
Sami is sick of it.
Sami had to help Layla.
Sami never tweeted about it.
Sami texted his friends.
Sami found that so funny.
Sami got a new e-mail from Layla.
Sami and Layla were living their lives.
Sami e-mailed me at my business e-mail.
Sami has managers.
Sami has a business e-mail.
Sami gave Layla his business e-mail.
Sami went through the video description box.
Sami e-mailed that back to me.
Sami still doesn't understand this.
Sami called Layla pretty much every fifteen minutes.
Sami is filing a lawsuit against Layla.
Sami has been harassing Layla all day.
Sami got that call.
Sami was sued by the IRS.
Sami got a voice mail.
Sami has been receiving these calls every fifteen minutes.
Sami's e-mail box was flooded with messages.
Sami received a call from the IRS.
He hid the money under his clothes.
He's taking everything he owns with him.
She's taking everything she owns with her.
He took all my things with him.
She took all my things with her.
Tom and Mary boarded the ship.
Sami was trying to scam Layla.
Sami never answers an unknown number call.
Sami accidentally answered an unknown number call.
Sami's battery was dead.
Sami's insistent calls drained Layla's phone battery.
Sami's phone was dying.
Sami ignored Layla's call.
Sami didn't answer Layal's call.
Sami answered the phone and said "hello" and there was nothing on the other end.
Sami thought the whole thing was so weird.
Sami doesn't think that these things are correlated.
Sami has finally got Layla.
Sami and Layla started laughing.
Sami was maniacally laughing.
Sami thinks it's weird.
Sami is going to the grocery store.
Sami finds this so weird.
Sami still doesn't know what to do about it.
Sami thinks it's too weird.
Sami is getting more clever with his scams.
Sami answered the unknown number call.
Sami didn't know how to explain this.
Sami changed clothes.
Sami filmed a new video.
Sami was pushing the door from the other side.
Sami has mentioned this before.
Sami heard that growling noise.
Sami is going to sleep on the couch.
Sami left his room.
Sami knew he wasn't alone.
Sami could feel that something else was in the room.
Sami had sleep paralysis.
Sami could hear everything.
Sami is staying with his mom.
Sami filmed this video in his room.
Sami broke his camera.
Sami started getting rude.
Sami saw the videos.
Sami asked Layla if she could babysit his kid for her.
Sami has a lot of experience with kids.
Sami really wants to talk about it.
Sami heard things creaking.
Sami was the top of his class.
Sami loves scary stories.
Sami was fascinated by the story.
Sami tried to read as much as he possibly could.
Sami is just confused.
Sami met Layla, his wife, in high school.
Sami was taken completely by surprise.
Sami tried to make Layla change her mind.
Sami lives close to Layla's hometown.
Mennad told Baya that they could be friends after they broke out.
Sami did the same thing.
Sami was at a local bar.
Sami didn't recognize Layla at first.
Sami made his way across the bar and hugged Layla.
Sami was back in town mid-semester.
Sami thought nothing of it.
Sami left me behind.
I'm spending the evening with Tom. "Isn't Tom your cat?"
Sami went to a movie theater.
Sami has been in an accident.
Sami couldn't remember specific memories from his childhood.
Sami and Layla hung out again soon after.
Sami wasn't going back to school in Egypt.
Sami wanted to stay here.
Sami and Layla want to have six kids.
Sami decided to go.
Sami and Layla had a ridiculous argument that night.
Sami didn't understand why he had that argument with Layla and he's still processing it.
Sami dumped me right after he graduated.
Sami told me about his life.
Sami was still feeling abused.
Sami fell in love with Egypt.
Sami was married with six kids.
Sami ended the conversation there and immediately left.
Sami was trying to piece all this together.
Sami has to tell Layla this story.
Sami's efforts were appreciated.
Sami had dozens of missed calls and texts.
Sami was not happy.
Sami was taking the kids to school.
Sami wasn't happy.
Sami needed to investigate.
Sami didn't recognize Layla's number.
Sami can't talk now.
Sami went to work on Saturday.
Sami got nothing done.
Sami didn't have any issues at home.
Sami wasn't on the guest list.
Sami checked the list.
Sami never showed up.
Sami is ignoring them.
Sami just ignored them.
Sami can't leave his kids behind.
Sami wants to confront Layla.
Sami can explain everything.
Sami had plans to kill Layla.
Sami believes this story to be true.
Sami stayed in my car.
Sami was disappointed.
Sami was in the car.
Sami told Layla the story exactly as it happened.
Sami needs to keep that story as close to the truth as possible.
Sami was feeling ashamed and embarrassed.
Sami and Layla met after dinner.
Sami found this story on Reddit.
Sami couldn't focus on anything.
Sami wanted to read the second part of the story.
Sami is reading the post.
Sami is reading Layla's post.
Sami has been reading all of the comments.
Mennad is still at his girlfriend's house.
Sami sent Layla a bunch for Chinese characters.
Sami assumed that Layla was a homeless person.
Sami likes tongue twisters.
Sami's landlady has passed away.
Sami will stay in this house until the end of the month.
Sami never heard back from Layla.
Sami is obviously shocked.
Sami cut his family visit short.
Sami was kicked out by his parents.
Sami was originally from Egypt.
Sami's Arabic is OK.
Sami didn't understand my message.
Sami called at about six p.m.
Sami lives in the west of the city.
Sami knew that we were living there illegally.
Sami returned to that house to pick up some of his belongings.
Sami said the noise was coming from above.
Sami has been there for six days.
Sami locked the door and was too scared to leave the room.
Sami didn't read my previous message.
Sami said there was a police car outside.
Sami was sent to that house.
Sami will get back to you as soon as possible.
Sami felt awful hanging up on Layla.
Sami can't read Chinese character.
Sami is still trapped in his room.
Sami phoned the police and gave them all the details about the situation.
Sami begged Layla to tell him what happened.
Sami couldn't disclose any information about the case.
Sami could barely hear Layla.
Sami couldn't just leave them there.
Sami drove back to the house.
Sami has a kitchen knife.
Don't worry, your mother is alive.
Sami left the door wide open.
Sami hears it.
Notice how I play this game.
Layla was wearing her nightgown.
Sami will never forget Layla's face.
Sami saw the face of the ghost.
Sami had pale skin.
Sami read the note.
Sami rushed past me.
Sami found no one in the house.
Sami was clutching a cup of tea.
Sami couldn't stop shivering.
Sami searched the house and found nothing.
Sami stole what he wanted and left.
Sami didn't take anything of value from Layla's room.
Sami wasn't there when the police checked his house.
Sami's room was a mess.
Sami can't get the image of that ghost out of his head.
Sami is still there, hiding somewhere.
Sami read everything.
Sami needed to take a break.
Sami said he was covered with goose pimples.
Sami said he was covered with goosebumps.
Sami misled Layla.
Sami wasn't telling the entire truth.
Sami needs to get himself out of this situation.
Sami moved in last year.
Sami needs to know a little bit more about Layla and her background.
Sami lived in Egypt alone.
Sami regularly sends money back to his family in Egypt.
Sami needed to send more money to Layla.
Sami was immediately skeptical about Layla's story.
Sami used the story as an excuse to hike up his rent.
Sami and Layla had a loud argument in the hallway.
Sami left Layla with no place to live.
Sami didn't read Layla's first post.
Sami's girlfriend can't stay over.
Sami got a text from her.
Sami thought that was funny.
Sami kept accusing me of lying.
Sami was at work that evening.
Sami was checking his phone intermittently.
Sami was overcome with the mixture of anger and panic.
Sami is gonna die anyways.
Sami is going to die anyways.
Shout as loud as you can and he will not hear you because he is 100% deaf.
Sami didn't answer the phone.
Sami was outraged.
Sami could hear the rain in the background.
Sami heard a woman screaming.
Sami heard Layla weeping.
Sami had no idea where Layla was.
Sami was implicated in the accident.
Sami finally mustered up the courage to call the police.
Sami knew Layla was long dead before the police told him.
Sami loved the entire story.
Sami doesn't like the ending of the story.
Sami had a confession to make.
Sami read the whole thing.
Sami took a week off.
Have a nice lunch.
Sami posted this a few days ago.
Sami was totally shocked.
Hello, sir.
Sami is super excited.
Sami loves Layla's work so much.
Sami wants to read more.
Sami grabbed himself a drink and a snack and went upstairs to watch the movie.
Sami slept inside.
Sami slept in that empty house.
Sami kept the light on.
Sami and Layla became accustomed to that.
Sami almost had a panic attack.
Sami is such a baby.
Sami didn't have any physical interaction with Layla.
Sami doesn't know how long this will last.
Sami survives off meager portions of bread and water.
Sami heard Layla breathing heavily behind him.
Sami is the only person that I see regularly.
Sami was always smiling.
Sami wanted to see Layla suffer.
Sami was trembling in fear.
Sami got dressed up as best he could.
Sami wished he could see Layla more often.
Sami didn't go to the bathroom.
Sami saw the pale face of a ghost.
Sami knew that Layla hated him the most.
Sami's story baffled us.
Sami was there when Layla died.
Sami was on the phone with Layla.
Sami keeps coming back.
Sami is totally wrong.
Sami tried to leave the house.
Sami knows Layla would never leave him alone.
Sami was watching the game.
Sami is really curious about that.
Sami tried to kill her.
Sami was obsessed with this story.
Sami showed signs of mental illness.
Sami hasn't heard of this story.
Sami loves stories like these.
Sami is really being creepy.
Sami is really excited to read this story.
Sami is currently living in a large city in Cairo.
Sami decided to rent a room.
Sami is Egyptian and he's really nice.
Sami lives in a quiet house and it's really the perfect atmosphere for studying.
It's a bit more complicated than that.
Sami could hear the wind howling.
Sami is coming over next week.
Sami was going to come over.
Sami texted her again.
Sami asked for permission.
Tom has not yet come back from the forest.
Sami is coming over next Saturday.
Sami was back from work.
Tom is limping a little.
Sami drives out of the city for work.
Sami didn't get a response immediately.
Sami called Layla at approximately six p.m.
Sami didn't get any message from Layla.
Sami was in an accident.
Sami was not expecting that.
Sami isn't expecting that.
Sami wasn't too concerned.
Sami was not too concerned.
Sami ended up calling the police.
Sami is staying at a hotel.
Sami's Arabic isn't normally this bad.
Who(m) did you give your phone number to?
Sami is staying at a hotel tonight.
Sami said he was hungry.
Sami sent the text to me by accident.
Sami wants to go home.
Sami started to write back.
Sami answered the call.
Sami was speaking in a weird way.
Sami can't read those Chinese characters.
Sami made me very angry.
Sami was really surprised.
Sami never responds.
Sami went back to his reading.
Sami became more and more concerned that Layla still hadn't showed up.
Sami found that a little bit weird.
Sami began whispering something that sounded like my name.
Sami was whispering Layla's name.
Sami began whispering.
Sami was whispering something.
He couldn't keep his mind off her.
Sami immediately ran to the door and locked it.
She couldn't keep her mind off him.
Sami started beating on the door.
Tom couldn't keep his mind off Mary.
Sami was staring at the door.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla since.
Tom couldn't keep his mind off of Mary.
Sami left Layla's bedroom.
Sami never contacted the police.
Sami wanted to leave the room.
Sami was speaking.
Sami's message was posted in June, 2006.
He couldn't keep his mind off of her.
Sami wrote the message.
Sami was on an assignment.
Sami read Layla's post.
Sami didn't turn off the light.
She couldn't keep her mind off of him.
Sami was feeling pretty groggy.
Sami realized the door was locked.
Sami is making coffee.
Tom couldn't keep his eyes off of her.
Tom couldn't keep his eyes off of Mary.
Sami's car wasn't parked outside.
Sami was totally fricking wrong.
Sami was overcome with hunger.
Sami's door was open just a crack.
Sami could tell that there was something wrong.
Sami had white teeth.
Sami was breathing heavily.
Sami was choking on water.
Mary couldn't keep her eyes off of Tom.
Mary couldn't keep her eyes off of Tom for very long.
Sami had his mobile phone in his right hand.
Sami thundered after Layla down the hall.
Sami didn't dare to look back.
Sami ran until he made it to the next cafe.
Sami is coming to pick me up.
If you didn't know, now you know.
Sami was feeling so shaken up that he could barely move.
Sami still hasn't responded.
She sat beside him silently.
Sami didn't really understand what I was saying.
Tom sat silently beside Mary.
Sami noticed a sudden change in Layla's tone.
He was entranced by her beauty.
Don't be afraid; nothing will happen to you as long as you are next to me.
Sami asked Layla to confirm her license plate number.
Sami was killed in a hit-and-run accident Saturday night.
Sami was living in that house illegally.
Tom was entranced by Mary's beauty.
Sami is living in Layla's house.
Sami's corpse had been robbed before the police found it.
Sami's messages were written in Arabic.
Sami used a translator.
Sami used an online translator.
Sami may be a homeless person.
Sami robbed corpses.
Layla was Sami's landlady.
Sami wanted to meet me in person.
Sami is here now.
The crowd burst into a standing ovation.
The crowd burst into laughter.
Sami asked me to call him back.
Sami is starting to feel much better.
Sami received this text message.
Sami is still talking about food.
Sami kept using Arabic.
Sami phoned the police to let them know.
Sami's stories are so entertaining.
Sami watched those videos constantly.
Tom is a pedophile.
Sami saw a squirrel on the road.
Sami didn't think that was an interesting thing to talk about.
Sami used to live in a military town.
Sami walked into the apartment building.
Sami tells very cool and interesting stories.
Sami and Layla smiled.
Sami is going to love those videos.
Sami is a crazy weirdo.
Sami was a weird guy.
Sami and Layla lived in a military town.
Layla is married and it's a military.
Sami had zero dollars to spend on anything.
Sami had zero cents to spend on anything.
Sami didn't expect to see Layla there.
Sami lives in my apartment building.
Sami goes to that neighborhood all the time.
Sami was being followed by a crazy stalker.
Sami's car was rusty.
Sami's car was beat down.
Sami's car isn't blue.
Sami saw Layla several times after this.
Sami is going to die now.
Sami turned around and saw his mom.
Donald Trump is as blond as Boris Johnson.
Sami and Layla are following me.
Sami wasn't aware enough of the situation.
Sami thought it was a coincidence.
Sami never bought anything while he was in there.
I didn't eat as much meat as you did.
Sami didn't buy anything.
Sami needed something but he was afraid to ask.
Sami ran to his car.
Sami wasn't far behind me.
Sami saw Layla leave Walmart.
Sami found that kind of strange.
Sami didn't say anything to his mom.
Sami drove to his apartment complex.
This ring costs as much as this car.
Sami and Layla didn't think much of it.
Sami has a husky.
Sami walked his dog all the time.
Sami went on a walk with his dog.
Sami lives in my apartment complex.
Sami went for a walk.
Sami was walking through the neighborhood.
Sami walked his dog through that neighborhood.
Drink at least a glass of water if you can't have lunch.
Sami saw Layla's rusty broken-down little car.
Sami and Layla lived in a small town.
Sami has a nice house.
Sami doesn't like to make judgments.
Sami continued his walk.
Sami walked back out.
Sami's car was seen driving through the neighborhood.
Sami assumed he was being watched.
Sami kept seeing that car everywhere.
Sami and Layla have similar looking cars.
Sami took down his trash to the dumpster.
Sami saw the blue car coming down the road.
Sami drove past Layla's apartment building.
Sami and Layla made eye contact for about two seconds.
Sami made eye contact with me.
Sami didn't know what made that noise.
Sami's story is so weird.
Sami made a sharp turn around.
Sami made such a hard stop that his wheels squeaked.
Sami opened the dumpster and threw the trash.
Sami was walking back to his apartment building.
Sami wanted to kill me.
Sami wanted to ask me a question.
Sami was lost and needed to ask for directions.
Sami has seen that car all over town.
Sami threw his trash into the dumpster.
Sami started walking really quickly.
Sami came running after me.
Sami immediately turned around and saw Layla.
Sami didn't know what was happening here.
Sami looked like he had just seen a ghost.
Sami didn't know what to say to Layla.
Sami asked Layla if she had a boyfriend.
Sami started at that man.
Sami held Layla's hand.
Sami followed Layla into her apartment building.
Sami has seen Layla a lot today.
Sami found this hard to explain.
Sami has to go.
Sami started walking up the stairs.
Sami didn't want to give Layla his number.
Sami just stood there and stared at me.
Sami just sat there and stared at me.
Sami was going to the sixth floor.
Sami told his wife what had just happened.
Sami was so livid.
Sami is scary.
Sami is creepy.
Sami and Layla ran outside.
Sami jumped into his car, started it, and drove off.
Sami followed me into my apartment building.
Sami didn't know what Layla wanted.
Sami lives over there.
Sami followed Layla into the building.
Sami was in Layla's apartment complex.
Sami's dog needs a fur cut so badly.
Sami was going to Disneyland.
They asked us to do that.
One shouldn't drink alcohol while driving.
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't practise any sport.
I think that this computer is infected by a virus.
Here are the thieves who stole the wallet of that old woman.
Some people hurt other people and still complain!
Blood is a red liquid that flows through arteries and veins.
Tom is lamenting Mary's death.
Tom makes bad use of his strength.
I love you more than Mary does.
I seem to have my eyes full of sand.
Tom said that Mary had run away before he arrived.
In a few years, we'll all be dead.
Tom is twelve years old.
This custom is still observed today.
We will be very happy if we have another daughter.
I will be very happy if I see you.
We will be very happy if we have another child.
Tom writes more correctly than Mary.
Mary writes more correctly than Tom.
Tom and Mary want to have two sons.
Don't you want to have another son?
Mary is expecting a new baby.
I'll fill your cup.
The T-shirt is clean enough.
The T-shirt isn't clean enough.
Give me the T-shirt.
I want you to be loved.
Although the ships were heavy, they sailed quite quickly.
Death seemed to be better than this task.
It's hard to find.
Have you ever been a soldier?
Have you ever been a teacher?
Today I walked eight miles.
Tom is deaf in his right ear.
Mary is deaf in her left ear.
Mary is very much like her mother.
Tom is very different from his father.
Mary is very different from her mother.
Tom is lame in his right foot.
Mary is lame in her left foot.
Tom deserves punishment.
Let the doctor be old, and the barber young.
Knowledge has no enemy except an ignorant person.
No littering.
My little jokes are not to his taste.
Did anybody force you to do that?
I saw her carrying the bags.
Hearing these words, Tom laughed.
I saw him carrying books.
He's taking a little food with him.
Mary wants to return to her country.
Tom wants to return to his country.
The sky became black.
I see the sun setting every day.
I see the sun rising every day.
France is my second country.
He is taking a few clothes with him.
I was born before you.
Early computer programs were written on punch cards.
The world is full of interesting problems.
The world is full of interesting people.
The world is full of unsolved problems.
My hearing is not as good as it used to be.
My sight is not as good as it used to be.
Tom's hearing is not as good as it used to be.
Tom created a new folder on his computer.
Tom renamed the folder.
Tom's curiosity was piqued.
Mary's curiosity was piqued.
The scientists gathered data.
The scientists analyzed the data they had gathered.
Don't you want to have another child?
It's all in here.
It's all in here, said Tom pointing to his head.
Tom and Mary want to have two children.
He and I are going to the gym.
I’m going to Washington.
We’re about to go to Gallup.
Are you two going to Phoenix?
He's tired.
I stop hoeing again and again because it keeps starting to rain.
Is this the road to Window Rock?
Mother, I am going to Shiprock.
Are you going to Shiprock?
I am going to Shiprock.
My mother, I am going to Shiprock.
How many years did Tom do that?
Sami said someone tried to break into his house this morning.
Sami is more active on Instagram.
Sami doesn't really want to talk about this.
Sami was out of town all the time at the time this happened.
Sami was in his dad's house by himself.
Sami and Layla live in the same neighborhood.
Sami and Layla moved there.
Sami and Layla have lived there forever.
Sami and Layla lived in a cul-de-sac.
Sami worked until late that night.
Sami's shift starts at the beginning of the night.
Sami doesn't watch Layla's vlogs.
Sami has a dog and her name is Layla.
Sami fell asleep at midnight.
Sami woke up to his dog's barking.
Sami's dog was in the driveway.
Sami's dog knows Layla.
Sami started walking down the hallway.
Sami looked at his dog.
Sami's dog was snarling.
Sami sat there and listened.
Sami stood there and listened.
Sami heard a scratching noise.
Sami is unlocking the door.
Sami didn't hear any banging.
Sami heard banging.
Sami grabbed his phone and called 911.
Sami didn't see anyone there.
Sami is opening the blinds.
Sami was being killed.
Sami saw headlights coming.
Sami drove down the main road.
Sami's car pulled up to Layla's driveway.
Sami can hear the noise now.
Sami literally freaked out.
Sami lost his mind.
Sami saw the silhouette of a person.
Sami woke up to the barking.
Sami went to the frontdoor.
Sami can see you.
Sami heard someone jingling the door.
Sami was covered in chills.
Sami was so afraid to talk about this.
Sami literally saved us.
Sami's car literally took off.
Sami looked around the property.
Sami said Layla was so nice.
Sami hid under Layla's house.
Sami never fell back asleep for days.
Sami never tells people where he lives.
Sami stood there and he could hear that noise.
Sami went all the way down to the bottom of the cul-de-sac.
Sami's dog was already barking.
Sami's dog must have heard something.
Sami's dog was barking because he heard something.
Sami didn't wake up.
Sami was genuinely scared.
Sami always loves reading that.
Sami always loves reading comments on his videos.
Sami posts videos every Saturday.
Sami said this happened last week.
Sami called the cops on Layla and her friends.
Sami lives in the worst part of town.
Sami struggled with the disease of addiction.
Sami wanted to live in this area.
Sami still lives in this area.
Sami loves the house itself, but he hates this area.
Sami hates white people.
Sami is watching a TV show.
Sami fell asleep at about ten.
Sami cracked his window to have some fresh air come in.
Sami fell asleep at about ten o'clock.
Sami's cat was jumping all over me.
Sami snapped his fingers and Layla woke up.
Sami heard tires screeching.
Sami was probably going at sixty miles an hour.
Sami drove past really fast.
Sami heard the tires squealing.
Sami heard the voice of a male.
Sami heard screaming and cussing.
Sami and Layla had a very heated conversation.
Sami fell back asleep.
Sami heard a beer bottle shattering.
Sami heard a woman's voice.
Sami kept hearing that noise.
Sami drove past Layla's house.
Sami went down the street.
Sami heard the same thing.
Sami heard a man's voice.
Sami ended up falling back asleep.
Sami lives in my neighborhood.
Sami had crazy neighbors.
Sami saw Layla's recent videos.
Sami calls the cops on everyone.
Sami didn't want that to happen.
Sami hasn't made any noise.
Sami started getting a little more uneasy.
Sami was having a fight with his wife.
Sami's threats made Layla's blood run cold.
Sami was screaming at the top of his lungs.
Sami is being tortured.
Sami got ready to go to work.
Sami's mind started racing to every crazy scenario.
Sami was waiting for the police to show up.
Sami was obviously exhausted.
Have you ever been stuck in a lift?
Sami was screaming at somebody.
Sami's house is really small.
Sami shut the door behind him.
Sami googled the local police station.
Sami called the emergency number.
Sami watched a lot of crime shows.
Sami wanted to call the cops anonymously.
Sami obviously needed help.
Sami didn't call anyone else.
Sami called the police station.
Sami is not exactly sure where Layla is.
Sami was driving down the street.
Sami was so uninterested.
Sami deals with this type of call all the time.
Sami just doesn't know who he can trust.
Sami preferred to be anonymous.
Sami didn't give his address to the police.
Sami was driving very fast.
Sami heard a couple of cars drive by.
Sami isn't allowed to do that.
Sami didn't know if he was allowed to do that.
Sami's dog barks at everything.
Sami could hear the noise so well.
Sami's window was cracked.
Sami told the cops this whole story.
Sami started hysterically laughing.
Sami found the story really funny.
Sami just started laughing.
Sami started laughing as well.
Sami texted his other roommate.
Sami asked Layla to wake him up.
Sami made some popcorn.
Sami is thinking about it.
Sami got into a fight with Farid.
Sami does a lot of his Christmas shopping at Target.
Sami was in the check-out line.
We found a nail stuck in the tyre.
Sami was behind Layla.
Sami was standing in line behind that woman.
Sami was standing in a check-out line.
Sami picked the shortest check-out line.
Sami is not going to pay for that.
Sami changed the price.
Sami wanted to punch Layla in the face.
Sami was super rude.
Sami wasn't supposed to pay this much.
Sami has zero patience to people who are rude to him.
Sami has zero patience to people who are rude to him at work.
Sami was yelling at the waitress.
Sami is yelling at the cashier.
Sami walked away from the check-out line.
Sami stood in line, waiting.
Layla was the nicest and sweetest girl ever.
Layla was the nicest waitress with the patience of a goddess.
Sami paid the normal price.
Sami has to try this next time.
Sami can download this app.
Sami pulled out his phone.
Sami pulled out his phone and asked Layla to show him how to download the app.
Sami made everyone in the line wait.
Sami argued with the cashier and made everyone in the line wait.
Sami could still hear Layla behind him.
Richard Dawkins is a famous atheist.
Get to bed quickly! Tom ordered Layla.
Richard Dawkins is an atheist.
Tom has cancer, his doctor said.
Tom drove his children to football practice.
Dalila is the best student in our school.
What do the news say today?
In North Africa, there are not jaguars.
I don't understand why people kill each other since there is room for everybody on Earth.
He understands at a glance.
Sami's children were watching.
Sami was cussing in front of my mom.
Sami was short of a few dollars.
Sami didn't have enough money.
Sami was standing at the cash register.
Sami won't take the money.
Sami worked there as a cashier.
Sami worked at Walmart as a cashier.
Sami should be ashamed of himself.
Sami was literally shaking.
Sami bought gifts.
Sami won't respond.
Sami told Layla to keep the change.
Sami's behavior changed after that.
Sami is still the exact same person.
Sami posts six new videos per week.
Sami swore on his daughter's life that he didn't do that.
Sami was a customer from hell.
Sami wanted to hear the story.
Layla worked there with her boyfriend at the time.
Sami worked for a chain restaurant.
Sami's company was constantly getting rid of managers.
Sami has been working there.
Sami showed up on a Saturday night.
Sami was getting ready to leave.
Sami wasn't really a manager.
Sami and Layla sat down.
Sami doesn't want to be judgmental.
Sami was a little rednecky.
Sami walked up to Layla's table.
Sami was a little older than me.
Sami was probably a little older than me.
Sami was asking how much everything cost.
Sami was asking a lot of questions about the liquors.
Sami asked me many questions.
Sami needed more time.
Sami deals with that a lot.
Sami says it takes a to piss him off.
Sami never smiled at me.
Sami hates redneck names.
Sami has worked for this restaurant for so long.
Sami can do it for you.
Sami ordered a steak.
Sami wanted his steak well done.
I love him as the apple of my eye.
Sami was a sassy redneck.
Sami came in here to eat.
I love her as the apple of my eye.
Sami's food isn't here.
Sami shouldn't test Layla.
Sami talked to me like I was a piece of shit.
Sami didn't understand why it was taking so long.
Sami was enjoying everything.
Sami said that his steak was like rubber.
Sami's steak was well done.
Sami was talking bullshit.
Tom doesn't really like Sami.
Sami was just looking for trouble.
Sami's steak was overcooked.
Sami's steak was undercooked.
Sami hated the sauce.
Sami was still being polite to the customer.
Sami ate an entire dish.
Sami paid the bill.
Sami paid the steak.
Sami continued to eat the steak.
Sami and Layla tried ganging up on me.
Sami is so livid.
Sami didn't see Layla for the entire night.
Sami literally didn't see Layla for the entire night.
Sami doesn't need to curse at me to get what he wants.
Sami tried to leave without paying.
Sami can't go back in there.
Sami called Layla a bitch to her face.
Sami was verbally abusing Layla.
Sami can't go back.
Sami asked somebody else to do it.
Sami cursed at the server.
Sami gave Layla free food.
Sami was my boyfriend at the time.
Sami did all of that.
Sami gave the cards to Layla.
Sami has to get out now.
Sami cursed at one of our servers.
Sami doesn't tolerate that.
Sami did actually say it.
Layla is a fucking bitch.
Sami had the worst temper.
Sami was getting so mad.
Sami has to get up and leave right now.
Sami wondered what hole Layla crawled out of.
Sami just shut the door.
Sami had a horrible job experience there.
Sami laughed at Layla's misfortunes.
Sami works at Walmark or Wakmart or whatever you wanna call it.
Sami got a job there.
Sami got a cool job.
Sami needed to put gas in his car.
Sami didn't support Layla financially.
Sami never supported Layla financially.
Sami has been hired.
Sami started his first shift on Saturday.
Sami worked at the outdoor pool.
Sami started his new job at the outdoor pool.
Sami was really shy.
Sami is really shy when he starts a new job.
Sami was so nervous.
Sami's manager doesn't seem very nice.
Sami was been hired here.
Sami handed Layla a polo shirts.
Sami said polo shirts are so unattractive.
Sami was getting ready to change into his uniform.
Sami took off his shirt.
Sami accidentally put his shirt in the sink and soaked it.
Sami was more upset.
Sami will never come back.
Sami put on his wet shirt and left.
Sami could ruin Layla's life.
Sami said that was the better job he had ever had.
Sami used to wait tables for six years.
Sami worked at that restaurant for over six months.
Sami worked there for like six years.
James Allison and Tasuku Honjo won the Nobel prize in medicine.
Sami was dating a girl that worked with us.
Sami works at a restaurant.
Sami hated me from the very start.
Sami was livid with me all the time.
Sami ordered an appetizer.
Sami put the plates on the table.
Sami brought the plates to the table.
Sami didn't bring plates to the table.
Sami came out of the kitchen, holding an appetizer.
Sami doesn't know how it works here.
Sami is supposed to bring plates to the table before the food comes out of the kitchen. This is how we do things here.
Sami walked away and went about his night.
Sami ordered another appetizer.
Sami brought the appetizer to the wrong table.
Sami took the appetizer to the wrong table.
Sami was waiting six different tables.
Sami was getting yelled at.
Sami and Layla are in the kitchen.
Sami knows you are coming.
Sami and Layla ran into each other.
Sami talked to another manager.
Sami hated his manager.
Sami ended up working there.
Sami worked in restaurants before.
Sami had his fair share of horrible customers.
Sami moved back here to Cairo.
Sami and Layla worked at an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami looked at the front door.
Sami was doing his Christmas shopping.
Sami was fairly young.
Sami wants to come in.
Sami needs to make this quick.
Sami needs to speed this up.
Sami and Layla are in a hurry.
Sami was very rude the entire time.
Sami was not nice at all.
Sami is not nice at all.
Sami wasn't nice at all.
Sami was taking the order.
Sami had no control over that.
Sami was in the middle of something.
Sami took the order from that table.
Sami was taking the order from that table.
Sami brought the food out to us.
Sami brought the food to us.
Sami is eating his food.
Sami was talking to Layla about something.
Sami turned around and it was Layla again.
Sami was so mad that his lip started twitching.
Sami followed Layla back to the table.
Sami heated the food up for Layla.
Sami needs to speak to the manager.
Sami went to get his manager.
Sami talked to Layla for a minute.
Sami took all the food away.
Sami was not happy with them.
Sami was so livid that he wanted a new server.
Sami didn't go back over there.
Sami will be taking care of Layla.
Sami was making such a scene.
Sami was really busy at the restaurant.
Sami ended up leaving.
Sami was on his way out.
Sami bumped past me as he was walking out.
Sami stormed out of the restaurant.
Sami bumped past me as he was storming out of the restaurant.
Sami has already subscribed to this channel.
Sami doesn't even want to talk about that.
Sami could get fired for this.
Sami didn't want to throw anyone under the bus.
Sami isn't going to name any names.
Sami started to work at that restaurant.
Sami hasn't worked at a restaurant for years.
Sami knew how things worked there.
Sami was working an extra serving job.
Sami was working a serving job.
Sami met the manager.
Sami's manager didn't seem too much older than him.
Sami's printer is broken.
Sami came back a week later.
Sami was talking to the manager.
Sami wanted Layla to meet the new manager.
Sami is waiting for Layla to come back.
Sami came with me.
Sami was walking in the direction Layla was walking.
Sami sat in the seat.
Sami sat in the booth.
Sami is interviewing me.
Sami wanted to hire Layla.
Sami printed off some papers.
Sami printed out some photos.
Sami's reaction was so awkward.
Sami has already been hired.
Sami is hired.
Sami didn't communicate with his managers.
Sami doesn't have time to go through all of them.
Sami wasn't doing his job.
Sami wouldn't show up.
Sami was really busy a lot of the time.
Sami was a dishwasher.
Sami's restaurant was closing.
Sami has been there over six hours.
Sami was about to lose his mind.
Sami was getting really angry.
Sami was called there.
Sami isn't someone you want to cross when things go wrong.
Sami is about to snap.
Sami was cleaning dishes.
Sami was getting ready to cook the food.
Sami washed hundreds of dishes.
Sami's manager walked away.
Sami just absolutely snapped.
Sami broke hundreds of dollars worth of dishes.
Sami ended up firing Layla.
Sami was suspended from work for a couple of weeks.
Sami was on the verge of having a breakdown.
Sami was incredibly unprofessional.
Sami knows exactly what we are talking about.
Sami has no idea what you are talking about.
Sami didn't confirm anything.
Sami drank a lemonade.
Sami was getting drunk at work.
Sami filled the glass with wine.
Sami drank red wine.
Sami's manager knew about it.
Sami had a cool manager.
Sami was drinking all the lemonade at the restaurant.
Sami used to drink lemonade.
Sami drank most of the wine at the restaurant.
Sami has no idea.
Sami has many more stories to tell about that restaurant.
Sami is really excited about that.
Sami's video isn't sponsored.
Sami's video is not sponsored.
Sami gave us a recap of his experience with that company.
Sami is not sure about how to pronounce that name.
Sami had bad experiences as well.
Sami ordered a t-shirt.
Sami was the same all the time.
Sami got his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami mispronounced Layla's name.
Sami was trying to get better about that.
Sami was super nervous about the test.
Sami is super nervous about tomorrow.
Sami and Layla were in their sixties.
Sami had done a lot of interviews.
Layla didn't want to be pregnant.
Sami was very independent.
Sami worked for a corporation.
Sami was in the oil and gas industry.
Sami had a lot of money.
Sami got very spoilt.
Sami got free lunch once a week.
Sami delivered newspapers every single morning.
Sami was very spoilt at his job.
Sami was very spoilt at that company.
Sami was twice my age.
Layla dated Sami's brother.
Sami was so drunk that his son had to come pick him up from the bar.
Sami was extremely unprofessional.
Sami came to work hungover.
Sami is very immature.
Sami's manager was very unprofessional.
Sami's manager was very immature.
Sami drunk too much the night before.
Sami started liking his job less and less.
Sami didn't want to have Layla as his superior.
Sami tried to move to a different department.
Sami ended up moving to a different department.
Sami hates this manager.
Sami said that he hated that manager and didn't want to be under him.
Sami can't work with Layla because she is unprofessional.
Sami was quite frank with me.
Sami stayed in his position.
Sami is so unreliable and unprofessional.
Sami hates both of you.
Sami backed the decision of the other managers.
Sami is fine with staying in his original position.
Sami felt the same way.
Sami was not happy about it.
Sami tried to talk Layla out of it.
Sami gained a lot of knowledge.
Sami has so much experience.
Sami knows what his work is worth.
Sami tried to work this problem out.
Sami cannot do this anymore.
Sami started having a terrible pain.
Sami's gum is all swollen.
Sami's wisdom teeth are coming out.
Sami quit this job.
Sami's insurance was cancelled.
Sami has never had a cavity in his life.
Sami's wisdom teeth were coming out.
Sami's dentist didn't have any appointments available that day.
Sami paid for this out of his pocket.
Sami was running against the clock.
Sami hated his job.
Sami needed to get his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami's office was super far.
Sami had his wisdom teeth extracted.
Sami had his wisdom teeth extracted that day.
Sami got his appointment scheduled.
Sami was really concerned about that.
Sami's dentist is way across town.
Sami has a dentist appointment.
Sami didn't need somebody to drive him.
Sami's insurance benefits ran out.
Sami was on the fifth or sixth floor.
Sami paid fifty or sixty bucks.
Sami paid that.
Sami didn't even want to go to the dentist.
Sami didn't want to go to the dentist.
Sami had all of my info.
Sami waited there for over an hour.
Sami wondered what was taking so long.
Sami was a dental hygenist.
Sami's doctor came in.
Sami said hi to me and my mom.
Sami barely looked at us.
Sami was just supposed to follow Layla.
Sami followed Layla to the back of the room.
Sami didn't even look up at me.
Sami filled out the intake form.
Sami wanted to get his wisdom teeth extracted.
Sami started getting a weird feeling.
Sami wanted his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami literally read my mind.
Sami was telling me this.
Sami doesn't play.
Sami took me down the hall.
Sami took five or six photos.
Sami went up to the receptionist's desk.
Sami's doctor came.
Sami was kind of an asshole.
Sami apologized for the word.
Sami needed to get his wisdom teeth extracted.
Sami didn't want to get his teeth shifted because of his wisdom teeth.
Sami had his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami had a very routine surgery.
Sami was looking at me sideways.
Sami just doesn't have time.
Sami's wisdom teeth hurt him so bad.
Sami was making a decision on his own.
Sami knows you are concerned.
Sami knows you're concerned.
Sami wanted to get his teeth removed.
Sami is there for a reason.
Mennad came with Baya for her doctor appointment.
Sami can't come back.
Sami can't come in.
Sami couldn't come in to see it.
Sami can't come in to see it.
Sami called Layla because he needed her.
Sami was doing that around the kids.
Sami was not even talking to me.
Sami wasn't even talking to me.
Sami has always had an issue with this.
Sami has always been in and out of hospital for surgeries.
Sami listens to me.
Sami hasn't done this for years.
Sami couldn't even look at it.
Sami can't see a needle go into his skin.
Sami started looking away.
Sami gave it a first try.
Sami turned the opposite way.
Sami mentally prepared himself.
Sami felt the needle press up against his skin.
Sami had a needle in his hand.
Sami refused to do this job.
Sami suffered in silence.
Sami has been doing this for years.
Sami ripped needle out of Layla's hand.
Sami uses this to get his blood pressure.
Sami knows what he is doing.
Sami knows what he's doing.
Sami is going to trust Layla.
Sami felt a needle hit his skin.
Sami left the room, frustrated.
Sami was super frustrated.
Sami was annoying Layla.
Sami was trying to tell Layla that.
Sami has a lot more experience than Layla.
Sami did not make it.
Sami didn't make it.
Sami started freaking out of his head.
Sami was on the other side of the wall.
Sami will have to figure out an other way.
Sami was holding Layla's hand really hard.
Sami looked at me in my eyes.
Sami isn't being dramatic.
Sami stuck the needle into his hand.
Sami moved the chair to the right.
Sami is being dramatic.
Sami felt so weird.
Sami wanted to leave immediately.
Sami called his mom back there.
Sami's thoughts started jumbling.
Sami shut his eyes.
Sami is up.
Sami could hear the dentist talking to the receptionist.
Sami's tongue was swollen.
Sami heard Layla say this clear as day.
Sami heard it clear as day.
Sami heard footsteps coming back into his room.
Sami did that real quick.
Sami lifted the blanket.
Sami's hand was swollen.
Sami's fingers were huge.
Sami led Layla's mom into her room.
Sami should be waking up in a few minutes.
Sami was glad everything went well.
Sami heard his mom talking in that room.
Sami heard the entire conversation.
Sami was just pretending.
Sami's mouth was numb.
Sami's mouth was numb and he couldn't talk.
Sami tried to talk but he couldn't.
Sami couldn't understand me.
Sami has his phone in his hand.
Sami was pointing at the phone.
Sami lifted up the blanket.
Sami's hand was ballooned up so big.
Sami's face changed.
Sami put the blanket down.
Sami understood what Layla was trying to say.
Sami started calming down.
Sami was talking to the receptionist.
Sami never told us what happened to his hand.
Sami walked up to the bad and snatched the blanket off.
Sami didn't understand what was going on.
Sami knew exactly what happened in that room.
Sami was under anaesthesia.
Sami's hand is all swollen up.
Sami is completely dehydrated.
Sami surely didn't know about it.
Sami hid his swollen hand from his mom.
Sami was trying to talk.
Sami needs to go right now.
Sami's benefits covered most of the surgery.
Sami's benefits will cover his surgery.
Sami never heard from that man again.
Sami gave Layla's restaurant a bad review.
Sami couldn't find Layla's practise anywhere.
Sami was pregnant with Sami's son.
Sami is pregnant with Sami's daughter.
Sami is going back to the dentist.
Sami went back to the dentist to get the rest of his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami got the rest of his wisdom teeth removed.
Sami was in a committed relationship.
Sami was in a committed relationship and he doesn't date anymore.
Sami laughed at my misfortune.
Sami ditched Layla.
Sami did this because he was drunk.
Sami made six videos about this.
Sami got his revenge on Layla.
Sami is happy for Layla.
Sami and Layla started flirting casually at work.
Sami started dating Layla shortly after that.
Sami and Layla are making out.
Sami and Layla made out at parties.
Sami and Layla wanted to make out.
Sami and Layla stayed in touch with Farid.
Sami has probably experienced stuff like this before.
Sami felt the timing wasn't right.
Sami is single and Layla is in a really serious relationship.
Sami always wanted to know that.
Sami and Layla were always busy.
Layla pretty much cried every day.
Sami had a really horrible breakup.
Layla had a breakup with the guy she was in loved with.
Sami really wanted to see Layla.
Sami was in a different province.
Sami was in a different state.
Sami sent Layla a screenshot of the e-mail.
Sami bought a flight ticket to come and see Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to come to him.
Sami should have bought Layla a plane ticket.
Sami and Layla took initiatives to make this happen.
Sami wanted Layla to come.
Sami wants Layla to come to Egypt.
Sami needed to do this.
Sami could have left that night.
Sami will text you when he can.
Sami was typing a text.
Sami doesn't want you to come.
Sami was too drunk to drive.
Sami was too drunk to do that.
Sami closed his phone.
Sami put everything away.
Sami texted Layla afterwards.
Sami isn't mad at you at all.
Sami read the Facebook post.
Sami is the one who has to do this.
Sami is not a bad guy.
Sami has always been curious about it.
Sami isn't a bad guy.
Sami just laughed at it and walked away.
What time does your plane leave tomorrow?
Sami finished talking to his neighbor.
Sami lives in a crazy neighbor.
Sami was filming a video.
Sami filmed a lot of videos.
Sami lives in a very hot area.
Sami's dog loves to be outside.
Sami has a big hairy dog.
Sami left his dog outside for the rest of the day.
Sami was filming videos.
Sami doesn't live there.
Sami has a fence around his backyard.
Sami saw a head come over the wall.
Sami's dog was not moving.
Sami's dog wasn't listening.
Sami's dog wasn't moving.
Sami's dog was not listening.
Sami was walking closer to the edge.
Sami was walking closer to the wall.
Sami hoisted himself over the wall.
Sami's dog went crazy.
Sami came from the yard.
Sami was directly behind me.
Sami's eyes were so big.
Sami jumped into my yard.
Sami ran back inside.
Sami moved really quickly.
Sami knew who that was.
Sami will call the cops.
Sami is calling the cops on you.
Sami knows what I mean.
Sami was barbecuing in a park.
Sami won't agree with Layla.
Sami called an emergency number.
Sami tried this.
Sami went into his neighbor's backyard.
Sami was just trying to help.
Sami came from the neighbor's yard.
Sami will call you if anything happens.
Sami saw the police officers standing there.
Sami didn't inform Layla.
Sami was just trying to help Layla.
Sami seemed very dishevelled and confused.
Sami hated the day that Layla was born.
Sami apologized profusely.
Sami is busy working inside.
Sami went next door and talked to his neighbors.
Sami was trying to do the right thing.
Sami was just trying to do the right thing.
Sami wished he had never called.
Sami was trying to help them.
Sami was trying to help the cops.
Sami turned on the camera to film that.
Sami turned on the camera again.
Sami is my next door neighbor.
Sami has issues with his dog getting in the neighbor's yard.
Sami felt so stupid.
Sami's dog was ready to kill.
Sami was about to jump.
Sami never made eye contact with Layla.
Sami's mom was dying.
Sami heard gunfire.
Sami wasn't acting crazy.
Sami is probably insane.
Sami doesn't have a dog.
Sami doesn't even have a dog.
Sami had six dogs.
Sami goes to Cairo every month.
Sami already knows this.
Sami's memory cards weren't working.
Sami is going to try it again for you.
Sami's memory cards were not working.
Sami is interested in hearing this.
Sami pronounced the name wrong.
Sami needs to watch this video.
Sami is part of the story.
Sami started to explain everything.
Layla has never been to any high school party.
Layla has never been to a school dance.
Sami and Layla have been together for six months.
Sami was getting ready to graduate.
Sami attended the high school event.
Sami wanted to go to the prom dance.
Sami was a little jealous.
Sami's mom did not like Layla.
Sami knew that Layla was talking to Farid.
Sami and Layla were in the middle of an argument.
Sami is not paying attention in school.
Sami is being crazy.
Sami's mom didn't let him go to the party.
Sami can't go to Layla's prom.
Layla's mom didn't let her go to Sami's prom.
Sami can't go to prom.
Sami's grades have been slipping.
Sami still goes to that shitty school.
Sami made me feel better.
Sami and Layla didn't go to Farid's prom.
Sami and Layla talked about it for a very long time.
Sami didn't want to make Layla miserable.
Sami wanted his daughter to be happy.
Sami needs to trust Layla.
Sami was lying to his mom.
Sami doesn't have a problem.
Sami wanted to go with Layla.
Sami had a curfew.
Sami and Layla were so confused.
Sami and Layla can go.
Sami didn't have that luxury.
Sami went to Layla's prom dinner.
Sami talked to his mom after school.
Sami invited a girl from another school to his prom.
Sami's parents work downtown.
Sami would really love to be there.
Sami bought Layla a prom dress.
Sami met Layla at a Starbucks.
Sami and Layla stopped at a few places.
Sami went on foot.
Sami went to different stores.
Sami went shopping with his stepdad.
Layla couldn't find a dress to wear for the prom.
Sami's boutique is still there.
Sami's boutique is the oldest in town.
Sami's boutique was empty.
Sami's boutique was closed.
Sami's boutique is in a mall.
Sami's prom is tomorrow.
Layla needed a dress.
Layla's dress was not Salima's size.
Sami can wear anything he likes.
Layla wanted a red dress.
Layla wore a blue dress.
Layla wore a cute little dress.
Layla's dress wasn't that expensive.
Layla's dress wasn't too expensive.
Sami found Layla a wonderful dress.
Layla has a dress.
Layla wore a short dress.
Layla had the dress but not the shoes.
Sami goes to the mall almost every day.
Sami decided to give it a try.
Layla tried on the dress and the shoes at the same time.
Layla's dress fit perfect.
Sami wanted Layla to try on the dress and the shoes at the same time.
Layla's shoes were so high.
Sami started to film himself.
Sami is still in the dressing room.
Sami's stepdad is sitting right there.
Sami started to walk.
Sami tried to walk, but he couldn't.
Sami felt so ugly.
Sami played the video in slow motion.
Sami wanted to die of embarrassment.
Sami is one of our employees.
Sami lost his balance and fell.
Sami decided against those shoes.
Sami hates Layla's dress.
Sami never told Layla about that.
Sami drove us there.
Sami drove Layla to the mall.
Sami drove Layla to Farid's boutique.
Sami didn't want Layla out past midnight.
Sami wanted to go with us.
Sami is gonna ride with us.
Sami's brother is gonna ride with us, too.
Sami is going to ride with us.
Sami was super independent.
Sami doesn't have patience.
Sami's brother is going to ride with us, too.
Sami is going by himself.
Sami didn't care but his mom cared.
Sami is going to come with me.
Layla is coming to the prom but she doesn't have a date.
Layla wanted to come to the prom but she didn't have a date.
Sami needed shoes.
Sami needs shoes.
Sami let Layla go to the prom.
Sami isn't on the guest list.
Layla was trying to be cute.
Layla was not sexy.
Layla wasn't trying to be sexy.
Sami was jumping around.
Layla isn't trying to be sexy. She's just trying to be cute.
Sami doesn't have a date.
Sami and Layla have been on and off for six months.
Sami is sick of Layla.
Sami immediately started texting Layla.
Layla found Salima a date for the prom dance.
Sami likes Layla a lot.
Sami is cute.
Sami wanted to know how tall Layla was.
Sami never really paid any attention to Layla's height.
Sami was super tall.
Sami is super tall.
Sami could barely sleep because he was so excited.
Sami has never been to a high school party.
Sami was in his bathroom.
Sami's girlfriend was super tall.
Sami finally got there.
Sami and Layla were so nervous.
Layla was wearing a prom dress.
Sami was in a business suit.
Sami brought Layla a rose.
Sami gave Layla a red rose.
Sami brought Layla a yellow rose.
Sami never met Layla.
Sami will be here at midnight.
Sami promised his mom to come home before midnight.
Sami didn't even go inside Layla's house.
Sami is just taking pictures.
Sami and Layla are taking pictures.
Sami stood next to Layla.
Sami looked cute.
Sami got all excited.
Sami wants to see what Layla looks like.
Sami saw Layla tense up.
Sami looked over at me.
Sami made himself very clear.
Sami was losing his shit.
Sami is much shorter than Layla.
Sami comes from a shitty school.
Sami's school is very different.
Sami didn't remember how tall Layla was.
Sami told Layla he was five, nine.
Sami was lying about his height.
Sami lied about his height.
Sami lied about his age.
Sami doesn't understand me.
Sami is super short.
Sami was super fat.
Sami started a fight.
Sami isn't prepared for this.
Sami is not prepared for this.
Sami is not going to attend prom.
Sami is not going to attend prom with Layla.
Sami isn't going to attend prom with Layla.
Sami will go to prom by himself.
Sami had dinner with all of his friends.
Sami is Layla's date.
Sami was looking at Layla sideways.
Sami didn't use that camera.
Sami has never been in this situation.
Sami doesn't know how to handle this situation.
Sami is still really embarrassed about it.
Sami thanked his friends for their love and support.
Sami wore a regular black suit.
Sami is not taking Layla home.
Sami isn't taking Layla home.
Sami unbuttoned a few buttons of his shirt.
Sami and Layla were already there.
Sami knows Layla's friends.
Sami's date was there.
Sami's date hasn't come yet.
Sami was Layla's high school crush.
Sami was Layla's Egyptian high school crush.
Sami did not like me for obvious reasons.
Sami didn't like me for obvious reasons.
Layla was one of Sami's female friends.
Layla is not looking for drama.
Layla isn't looking for drama.
Sami said hi to everybody.
Sami and Layla are sitting next to each other.
Sami and Layla are having a lot of fun at the party.
Sami is one of them.
Sami is one of us.
Sami didn't even look.
Sami is looking.
Layla didn't want drama.
Sami started to talk all aloud to make sure that Layla was hearing.
Sami didn't even look over there.
Sami was trying to enjoy himself at the party.
Sami heard a girl say that.
Sami just ignored me.
Sami stayed with me this entire time.
Without a thought!
Don't bite your nails!
Of course, go ahead.
Of course, proceed.
Whom did you send the first letter to?
I have never seen a lion in front of my eyes.
I enjoy watching football on TV.
The United States is Canada's evil twin.
Ask him if he wants to go with us.
Sami thought Layla heard him.
Sami obviously didn't hear that.
Sami dated Layla for six months before Salima.
Sami and Layla are no longer together.
Sami and Layla still live together in Cairo.
Sami doesn't even want to be here.
Sami and Farid got into a fight.
Sami needed the money.
Sami paid for his food.
Sami handed the check over to Layla.
Sami passed the bill to me.
Sami opened the envelope.
Sami looked at the cash.
Sami paid half of the bill.
Sami was completely caught off guard.
Layla's date paid for the food.
Sami couldn't stand Layla's sister.
Sami paid for Layla's meal.
I promised him to keep it a secret.
You should really tell him.
Aeroplanes are expensive.
Planes are expensive.
Everyone at the party was named Tom.
How is your name spelt?
How is your name pronounced?
The wind blew and took away everything in the yard.
Make more effort to understand this text.
Sami didn't open it.
Sami passed the check to me.
Sami opened the book.
Sami was drinking some stuff.
Sami paid sixty bucks.
Sami looked at the money.
Sami wanted Layla to pay half of the bill.
Sami paid for my meal.
Sami wanted me to pay half.
Sami paid his own half of the bill.
Sami paid his half of the meal.
Sami paid his own half of the meal.
Sami could not stand Layla's mom.
Sami should pay for Layla's meal because he is her date.
Sami didn't want to embarrass Layla.
Sami isn't paying for the meal.
Sami can't allow that to happen.
Sami doesn't need you paying for his meal.
Sami doesn't need you paying for his food.
Sami turned red.
Sami will pay for the meal.
Sami didn't want me to pay for the food.
Sami didn't want Layla to pay for the meal.
Sami and Layla left the restaurant together.
Sami shouldn't have handed that check to Layla.
Sami was so confused and embarrassed.
Sami embarrassed Layla and that's ridiculous.
Sami was fucking weird.
Sami is weird and I don't like him.
Sami wasn't a good person.
Sami kept embarrassing Layla.
Sami didn't like being treated that way.
Sami started walking towards that building.
Sami's house was on our left.
Sami saw Layla at the restaurant.
Sami left the mall.
Sami came out of the limo.
Sami and Layla weren't doing anything.
Sami still regrets this.
Sami wondered what Layla was doing.
Sami was doing something in the bathroom.
Sami was staring at that girl.
Sami wouldn't stop staring at Layla.
Sami would not take his eyes off Layla.
Sami noticed this.
Sami felt super insecure.
Sami decorated the apartment.
Sami's apartment looked like a nightclub.
Sami's apartment really looked like a club.
Sami's apartment really looks like a nightclub.
Sami took those pictures down.
Sami just continued sitting there, staring at Layla.
Sami wore blue gloves.
Sami wanted to chill here for a minute.
Sami and Layla kept looking at Farid.
Sami and Layla will have a lot of fun.
Sami wasn't wearing those shoes.
Sami and Layla didn't want to dance at the party.
Sami was on the dance floor.
Sami was dancing on the dance floor.
Sami went home before it got too late.
Sami wanted to get home before it got too late.
Sami met Layla outside.
Sami was driving across town.
Sami didn't talk to Layla's mom.
Sami was coming to pick me up.
Sami grabbed the handle and tried to open the door.
Sami never opened the door for Layla.
Sami was being gentlemanly to Layla.
Sami started playing music.
Sami wanted to make sure it wasn't late.
Sami was getting along with his girlfriend.
Sami and Layla started making out in the back seat.
Layla felt Sami's hand on her leg.
Sami showed us his prom picture.
Sami started raising Layla's dress.
Sami got super uncomfortable.
Sami's hand started traveling up Layla's hand.
Sami was kissing Layla.
Sami tried not to freak out.
Sami got very nervous.
Sami got super nervous.
Sami wanted some sort of action.
Layla didn't want to make out with Sami.
Sami didn't want to embarrass Layla in front of her best friend.
Sami doesn't want to embarrass Layla in front of her mom.
Sami is whispering in Layla's ear.
Sami's heart started beating so fast.
Sami's mom called.
Sami used to pass out all the time.
Sami passed out at church.
Sami passed out at school.
Sami saw Layla pass out.
Sami touched Layla in front of her friends.
Sami had nothing else to do.
Sami heard what I said.
Sami stopped kissing Layla.
Sami pretended to be passed out.
Sami said this happened all the time.
Sami passed out in the car.
Sami got to his mom's house.
Sami was super annoyed.
Sami felt so embarrassed.
Sami was very disappointed.
Sami was so excited to see Layla.
Sami feels so defeated.
Sami feels so sad.
Sami felt so humiliated.
Sami feels so humiliated.
Sami was ashamed.
Sami isn't a normal kid.
Sami is not a normal kid.
Sami needs to get over it.
Sami shouldn't do that. He's not ready.
Sami's kisses caused Layla to panick.
Sami and Layla were sucking face in the back seat.
Sami never goes to prom with Layla.
Sami felt he was not ready to do that.
Sami isn't comfortable with that.
Sami doesn't care what everybody else is doing.
Sami doesn't care what everybody else does.
Sami didn't care what Layla wanted him to do.
Sami didn't care what everybody else did.
Sami showed us his prom photo.
Layla was pretty as fuck.
Sami will understand this.
Sami sent us beautiful photos.
Sami bought a cowboy hat.
Sami dressed as a Texas cowboy.
Sami doesn't even know where Layla came from.
Sami needed those videos.
Sami downloaded some videos for Layla.
Sami was in a shitty school.
Sami had a few classes with Layla.
Sami had lunch with us.
Sami met Layla a year later.
Sami was living in that area.
Sami lived there for over a year.
Sami hates Layla's older sister.
Layla was Sami's older sister.
Sami and Layla never chilled and never talked.
Sami was a very troubled teenager.
Sami went through a lot as a teenager.
Sami has been suspended I don't know how many times.
Sami fought all the time.
Sami got into that fight.
Sami grabbed his camera and started filming the fight.
Sami was like a ticking timebomb.
Sami didn't want an issue with Farid.
Sami and Layla have been together since freshman year.
Sami and Layla have been together for almost six years.
Sami will fight you.
Sami can fight you.
Sami was on the basketball team.
Sami was super tall for a high school kid.
Sami played basketball and he was super tall.
Sami was super tall and was on the basketball team.
Sami tried to talk to that girl.
Sami's puppy is gonna need a name.
Sami's puppy is going to need a name.
Sami went home by bus.
Sami's bus came.
Sami and Layla went to the bus stop together.
Sami's bus is so crowded.
Sami sat on the floor, in the aisle of the bus.
Sami lives a block away.
Sami didn't get off the bus.
Sami get off on the second stop.
Sami accidentally missed his stop.
Sami and Layla got off the bus.
Sami has to get off here.
Sami and Layla got off the bus together.
Sami lives in this condo.
Sami's sister is here.
Sami wore a blue jacket.
Sami missed the first stop.
Sami missed his stop and had to get off on the next one.
Sami was looking at Layla's sister.
Sami is staring at Layla's sister.
Sami walked past us.
Sami almost broke his neck.
Sami saw it with his own eyes.
Sami and Layla were seen walking together.
Sami and Layla decided to go to the mall together.
Sami and Layla were just window shopping.
Sami had a store in the mall.
Sami sold hoodies and sweaters.
Sami went down to Layla's store.
Sami wanted this.
Sami saw him.
Sami saw Layla's face.
Sami doesn't need to be in this mess.
Sami kept looking at the hoodies.
Sami was present.
Sami doesn't even go to school.
Sami is a senior.
Sami looked older.
Sami and Layla started making small talk.
Sami and Layla were having small talk.
Sami didn't want to miss the bus.
Sami got so excited.
Sami's original plan went out the window.
Sami started to get annoyed with Layla.
Sami's sister is in high school.
Sami's sister is still in middle school.
Sami put the hoodie on the counter.
Sami would love to know that.
Sami doesn't even have a girlfriend.
Sami beat the shit out of so many boys in high school.
Sami and Layla together are a recipe for disaster.
Sami talked about Layla a lot.
Sami couldn't stop.
Sami would talk about this all the time.
Sami made a good impression on Layla's parents.
Sami doesn't remember whether it was a Friday or a Saturday.
Sami was walking past with all of his friends.
Sami's parents have decided to divorce.
Sami went to the movies.
Sami and Layla decided to go to the movies.
Sami and Layla were at the bus stop.
Sami was just having a lot of fun.
Sami went to the parking lot.
Sami was standing on the curb.
Sami was trying to keep himself calm.
Sami stood in front of Layla.
Sami will have to explain this.
Sami was talking shit about Layla's sister.
Sami wasn't trying to have an issue with Layla.
Layla is my sister's friend.
A bright red ladybird landed on my fingertip.
Sami wasn't even trying to hear me.
Sami was completely confused.
Sami talked to Layla first.
Sami needs to listen carefully.
Sami is not looking at Layla.
Sami is scared of Farid.
Sami fucking lost it.
Sami doesn't have anything to do here.
Sami was punching at Layla.
Sami and Farid were punching each other blindly.
Sami and Farid were fighting.
Sami hit Layla in her ear.
Sami couldn't hear.
Sami punched Layla right in her ear.
Sami stopped next to us.
Sami slowed down and stopped next to us.
Sami called the police on Layla for public disturbance.
Layla's hair was everywhere.
Sami reached into his pocket and pulled out a knife.
Sami was brushing in hair in the car.
Sami's ear was hurting really bad.
Sami had a really bad migraine.
Sami's ear hurt so bad.
Layla went back to school, hoping the drama was over.
Sami saw Layla pass by.
Sami had a scar on his lip.
Sami knew about the fight.
Sami's friends know about the fight.
Sami was cussing at Farid's sister.
Sami fought for Layla.
Sami saw the entire thing.
Sami knows what happened there.
Sami doesn't want this to keep happening.
Sami went home bleeding.
Sami started going to a different school.
Sami started going to another school.
Sami and Farid fought each other.
His jumper is grey.
Grasp it carefully.
Grasp it with caution.
There are three men and two women in this room.
If you give me the apple, Helen, more beautiful than all other women, will be yours.
There is nobody in this room.
I'll help you on one condition.
How big will the house you want to buy be?
I want to buy a house as big as that of my brother.
Tom is very good at maths.
When we were young, we used to go swimming in the river.
Frailty, thy name is woman!
Neither a borrower nor a lender be: For loan oft loses both itself and friend; And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
If you get your Baccalaureate, I'll buy you a bike, the father told his son.
I have very small apples in my pocket.
Tom created a new file on his computer.
Tom renamed the file.
Tom created a new shortcut.
Tom bookmarked his favorite website.
People like spring.
He just talks; he doesn't discern.
This man discerns well.
The Frecciarossa can reach speeds of up to 190 mph.
You can't demonstrate anything.
I would like to live a century.
The dolphin jumped out of the water.
He doesn't want to die.
He walks barefooted.
Today, I'm staying at home.
Yesterday, I slept early.
Mary covered her shoulders before entering the church.
The dolphins leapt out of the water.
I won't be extinct.
Tom impressed the empress.
The empress was not impressed.
The emperor was not impressed.
This screen has wide bezels.
This screen has thin bezels.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to Tom.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to Mary.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to your friend.
How do I look? "You look perfect."
Tom had a growth spurt.
Tom received fan mail.
The famous actress received fan mail.
Yesterday you promised to do everything.
Yesterday you promised to do everything I asked.
You promised to do that yesterday.
You promised you'd do that yesterday.
Yesterday, you promised you'd do that for me.
They gathered nuts in the forest.
Tom and Mary gathered nuts in the forest.
They whispered among themselves.
The boys whispered among themselves.
The girls whispered among themselves.
The boys gossiped.
The girls gossiped.
How can I prove my innocence?
I didn't know you felt that way.
I didn't know you felt that way about me.
I didn't know you felt that way about Mary.
Tom's hands slipped around her waist.
Tom's hands slipped around Mary's waist.
The Frecciarossa can reach speeds of up to 300 kilometers per hour.
The principal called Tom into his office.
The school principal called Tom into his office.
The principal called Mary into his office.
I thought you would be pleased.
You're not marrying Tom?
Mary felt light-headed.
Tom felt light-headed.
Why are guys so immature?
Tom was surrounded by dolphins.
I appreciate your kind words.
I was a fool. I'm sorry.
Turn your brain off.
Turn your brain off and enjoy the show.
Turn your brain off and enjoy the movie.
May I ask a favour from you?
May I ask a favor from you?
Why are guys so competitive?
Why are guys so insensitive?
Why do guys always have to act so tough and macho?
Why do girls talk all the time?
Why are girls so obsessed with clothes?
Why are girls so cute?
Tom was laughing at her.
Mary was laughing at him.
I get happy as I go to school.
For instance, even if you aren't practicing everyday you could still be studying.
Only ever reading books like you do is bad for your health.
Mountains are dangerous when they are very snowy.
I can't say that's the result I was hoping for.
That's a school.
That's tall.
If you don't wear clothes, you'll catch a cold, you know?
Put the rest of the roses in some water, please!
I accept you.
I guess I'll just do some homework by my lonely self or something...
The person ruling from the shadows was Mary.
Mike's hobby was collecting pictures of underboob.
You know sperm's actually pretty bitter when you think about it. Even the people who like it are going to have limits.
Sorry, but I hate 80’s music.
I doubt that you are 40 percent fluent in French.
He lived all his life poor.
She asked for divorce because she's always beaten.
Since her husband doesn't respect her, she asked him for divorce.
Who's this Tom we're speaking about on Tatoeba?
On Tatoeba, you can learn various languages.
This is a glass for drinking water.
This is money I made with my work.
Sami reads medical books.
Porsanger is a trilingual municipality.
Anton Szandor Lavey founded the Church of Satan.
Tom joined the Church of Satan.
Tom entered the Church of Satan.
Tom introduced Mary into the Church of Satan.
Tom and Mary entered the Church of Satan.
Sami went through it.
Sami was childish.
Sami had to deal with this.
Sami needs to quit smoking.
Sami was still best friends with Farid at the time.
Sami was working full time.
Sami was at a shitty school.
Sami hates that school.
Sami started it.
Sami was a freshman in high school at the time.
Sami played basket ball in the second half of the school year.
Sami was also super all.
Sami went to my school.
Sami super sweet.
Sami was sweet.
Sami and Layla rode the same buses.
Sami and Layla have been for months.
Sami and Layla ended up dating.
Sami told me about what was happing in his family.
Sami lives on the second floor.
Sami was trying to sneak out.
Sami kept hearing that tapping on the window.
Sami heard tapping on the window.
Layla snuck out to go talk to Sami.
Sami helped Layla through a lot.
Sami was one of them.
Sami was the leader.
Sami was their leader.
Sami snuck out in the middle of the night to go talk to Layla.
Sami snuck out in the middle of the night to go hang out with Layla.
Sami wasn't doing that.
Sami was not doing that.
Sami didn't believe in our relationship.
Sami didn't tell anybody.
Sami was very laidback.
Sami and Layla butted heads about this.
Sami was not talkative but if you spoke to him, he would talk to you.
